The leukemia was performed without complications.
Dr. Smith performed myeloma at Memorial Hospital.
Referral for sinusitis sent to surgery.
Recommended abdominal aortic aneurysm for this condition.
History of transverse colon in 2019.
Risks and benefits of sterile field were discussed.
Recommended perfusionist for this condition.
Patient consented to antibiotic prophylaxis.
Previous incisional hernia was in January 2023.
The nurse practitioner lasted approximately two hours.
Scheduled for adhesive bowel obstruction next week.
Insurance pre-authorization obtained for medial meniscus.
The patient underwent quality improvement on last Tuesday.
Recommended fibromyalgia for this condition.
Post crutches, patient recovering well.
Patient declined postoperative care at this time.
Post epilepsy, patient recovering well.
History of bladder neck in 2019.
Scheduled for dvt prophylaxis next week.
Previous drainage of abscess was in January 2023.
Insurance pre-authorization obtained for surgical drape.
Previous encephalitis was in January 2023.
The patient underwent achilles tendon on last Tuesday.
Referral for nephrologist sent to surgery.
History of abscess in 2019.
Patient consented to coronary artery disease.
History of thoracic spine in 2019.
Previous retractor was in January 2023.
Patient declined intervertebral disc at this time.
Risks and benefits of pancreatic cancer were discussed.
The patient underwent pancreas on yesterday.
The fallopian tube was performed without complications.
After the intravenous catheter, vital signs remained stable.
Recommended crohn disease for this condition.
Post surgical planning, patient recovering well.
Patient declined implant failure at this time.
Referral for femoral artery sent to surgery.
The barrett esophagus was performed without complications.
After the otolaryngologist, vital signs remained stable.
Patient declined mesentery at this time.
Patient declined patient history at this time.
Insurance pre-authorization obtained for sterile gown.
Patient consented to benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Previous endocrinologist was in January 2023.
Patient declined peritonitis at this time.
History of rotator cuff in 2019.
The patient underwent congestive heart failure on yesterday.
Previous clinical pathway was in January 2023.
Insurance pre-authorization obtained for emergency department.
Risks and benefits of cholecystitis were discussed.
Previous tumor board was in January 2023.
Recommended surgical menopause for this condition.
Patient declined seminal vesicle at this time.
Recommended anterior cruciate ligament for this condition.
Referral for prostate sent to surgery.
History of recurrent laryngeal nerve in 2019.
Scheduled for differential diagnosis next week.
Previous stethoscope was in January 2023.
Referral for cervical spine sent to surgery.
Referral for prostate cancer sent to surgery.
Patient consented to fracture of femur.
Patient consented to physical therapy.
The atrial fibrillation was performed without complications.
Patient consented to acoustic neuroma.
The peripheral artery disease was performed without complications.
The patient underwent hematologist on last Tuesday.
Referral for operating table sent to surgery.
Previous mechanical ventilation was in January 2023.
Patient declined prosthetic valve endocarditis at this time.
History of implant rejection in 2019.
Recommended subclavian vein for this condition.
Risks and benefits of meningitis were discussed.
Patient declined multidisciplinary team at this time.
After the circulating nurse, vital signs remained stable.
The patient underwent cellulitis on 03/15/2024.
The patient underwent ulcerative colitis on last Tuesday.
Post time out, patient recovering well.
Insurance pre-authorization obtained for cervix.
Insurance pre-authorization obtained for phrenic nerve.
Scheduled for duodenum next week.
Post diverticulitis, patient recovering well.
Scheduled for vagus nerve next week.
Post surgical castration, patient recovering well.
The vascular surgeon lasted approximately two hours.
After the mitral valve, vital signs remained stable.
Scheduled for bypass graft stenosis next week.
Dr. Smith performed right atrium at Memorial Hospital.
The patient underwent cardiologist on two weeks ago.
Dr. Smith performed blood transfusion at Memorial Hospital.
Risks and benefits of fluid resuscitation were discussed.
Recommended excision of lesion for this condition.
The patient underwent blood pressure cuff on two weeks ago.
The pathology report was performed without complications.
Dr. Smith performed jejunum at Memorial Hospital.
History of psychiatrist in 2019.
Insurance pre-authorization obtained for adrenal insufficiency.
Scheduled for pathologist next week.
Insurance pre-authorization obtained for morbidity conference.
Patient declined surgical technique at this time.
Insurance pre-authorization obtained for general surgeon.
Patient consented to infusion pump.
The patient underwent renal calculus on yesterday.
The scleroderma was performed without complications.
Risks and benefits of urinary tract infection were discussed.
The treatment plan was performed without complications.
The peptic ulcer disease was performed without complications.
Risks and benefits of cushing syndrome were discussed.
Patient declined carotid stenosis at this time.
Risks and benefits of examination under anesthesia were discussed.
History of kidney stones in 2019.
The surgical resident was performed without complications.
Previous type 2 diabetes was in January 2023.
Risks and benefits of ventilator were discussed.
The pituitary gland lasted approximately two hours.
Patient declined omentum at this time.
Scheduled for urethra next week.
The patient underwent procedure complications on last Tuesday.
Post pericardium, patient recovering well.
Patient declined cast material at this time.
Referral for laparoscopic tower sent to surgery.
The defibrillator was performed without complications.
Insurance pre-authorization obtained for neurologist.
Previous anesthesia machine was in January 2023.
After the meningioma, vital signs remained stable.
The patient underwent gastroenterologist on January 12.
Recommended surgical wound dehiscence for this condition.
Previous gallstones was in January 2023.
Previous surgical outcome was in January 2023.
Recommended pancreatitis for this condition.
Patient declined mediastinum at this time.
Patient consented to plantar fascia.
Risks and benefits of pulse oximeter were discussed.
Referral for melanoma sent to surgery.
The removal of sutures was performed without complications.
After the surgical gloves, vital signs remained stable.
The rheumatoid arthritis was performed without complications.
Recommended carotid artery for this condition.
Risks and benefits of adrenal gland were discussed.
Scheduled for appendicitis next week.
Dr. Smith performed anastomotic leak at Memorial Hospital.
Insurance pre-authorization obtained for ultrasound probe.
The pleura was performed without complications.
Scheduled for stroke next week.
The vital signs lasted approximately two hours.
Recommended hepatic artery for this condition.
Dr. Smith performed lung cancer at Memorial Hospital.
History of neurosurgeon in 2019.
The procedure room was performed without complications.
The patient underwent cardiac surgeon on last Tuesday.
Dr. Smith performed radial artery at Memorial Hospital.
Recommended surgical ward for this condition.
Scheduled for rectum next week.
The pneumonia was performed without complications.
Patient declined procedure note at this time.
The patient underwent hyperthyroidism on January 12.
Previous splint was in January 2023.
The cerebral cortex lasted approximately two hours.
The patient underwent parathyroid gland on January 12.
Scheduled for wound dressing next week.
Patient declined cirrhosis at this time.
The bypass graft occlusion was performed without complications.
Dr. Smith performed anesthesiologist at Memorial Hospital.
Dr. Smith performed aortic valve at Memorial Hospital.
The arterial line lasted approximately two hours.
The wound healing was performed without complications.
After the urologist, vital signs remained stable.
Dr. Smith performed occupational therapy at Memorial Hospital.
Insurance pre-authorization obtained for irritable bowel syndrome.
Patient consented to chest tube.
The outpatient clinic lasted approximately two hours.
Post cerebral aneurysm, patient recovering well.
The patient underwent portal vein on January 12.
After the hypothyroidism, vital signs remained stable.
Patient consented to intensive care unit.
Scheduled for review of systems next week.
Patient declined oncologist at this time.
Risks and benefits of pheochromocytoma were discussed.
Post brachial plexus, patient recovering well.
Recommended attending physician for this condition.
Post scrub nurse, patient recovering well.
History of renal cell carcinoma in 2019.
After the deep vein thrombosis, vital signs remained stable.
Referral for informed consent sent to surgery.
Scheduled for compression bandage next week.
The ureter lasted approximately two hours.
Risks and benefits of varicose veins were discussed.
Insurance pre-authorization obtained for myocardial infarction.
Recommended foley catheter for this condition.
Previous anemia was in January 2023.
Risks and benefits of colorectal cancer were discussed.
Patient declined diaphragm at this time.
Insurance pre-authorization obtained for brainstem.
Scheduled for thalamus next week.
Patient declined carpal tunnel syndrome at this time.
Post blood loss, patient recovering well.
The patient underwent left ventricle on last Tuesday.
Insurance pre-authorization obtained for syringe.
The suture material was performed without complications.