C01	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the central nervous system.
C0101ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the brain.
C015DZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the cerebrospinal fluid.
C02	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the central nervous system.
C0201ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the brain.
C025DZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the cerebrospinal fluid.
C03	Positron emission tomographic (pet) imaging of the central nervous system.
C030BZZ	Positron emission tomographic (pet) imaging of the brain.
C05	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the central nervous system.
C050VZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the brain.
C21	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the heart.
C2161ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the right and left heart.
C21G1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the myocardium.
C22	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the heart.
C2261ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the right and left heart.
C22G1ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the myocardium.
C23	Positron emission tomographic (pet) imaging of the heart.
C23GKZZ	Positron emission tomographic (pet) imaging of the myocardium.
C25	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the heart.
C2561ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the right and left heart.
C51	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the veins.
C51B1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the right lower extremity veins.
C51C1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the left lower extremity veins.
C51D1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the bilateral lower extremity veins.
C51N1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the right upper extremity veins.
C51P1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the left upper extremity veins.
C51Q1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the bilateral upper extremity veins.
C51R1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the central veins.
C71	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the lymphatic system and hematologic system.
C7101ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the bone marrow.
C7121ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the spleen.
C713DZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the blood.
C7151ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the head and neck lymphatic systems.
C71D1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the pelvic region lymphatic systems.
C71J1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the head lymphatic systems.
C71K1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the neck lymphatic systems.
C71M1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the trunk lymphatic systems.
C71N1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the upper extremity lymphatic systems.
C71P1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the lower extremity lymphatic systems.
C72	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the lymphatic system and hematologic system.
C7221ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the spleen.
C75	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the lymphatic system and hematologic system.
C7551ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the head and neck lymphatic systems.
C75D1ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the pelvic region lymphatic systems.
C75J1ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the head lymphatic systems.
C75K1ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the neck lymphatic systems.
C75M1ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the trunk lymphatic systems.
C75N1ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the upper extremity lymphatic systems.
C75P1ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the lower extremity lymphatic systems.
C76	Nonimaging nuclear medicine assay of the lymphatic system and hematologic system.
C7631ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine assay of the blood.
C81	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the eye.
C8191ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the bilateral lacrimal ducts.
C91	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the ear, nose, and mouth and throat.
C91B1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the bilateral salivary glands.
CB1	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the respiratory system.
CB121ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the lungs and bronchi.
CB2	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the respiratory system.
CB221ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the lungs and bronchi.
CB3	Positron emission tomographic (pet) imaging of the respiratory system.
CB32KZZ	Positron emission tomographic (pet) imaging of the lungs and bronchi.
CD1	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the gastrointestinal system.
CD151ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the upper gastrointestinal tract.
CD171ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the gastrointestinal tract.
CD1YYZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the digestive system.
CD2	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the gastrointestinal system.
CD271ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the gastrointestinal tract.
CD2YYZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the digestive system.
CF1	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the hepatobiliary system and pancreas.
CF141ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the gallbladder.
CF151ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the liver.
CF161ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the liver and spleen.
CF1C1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the all hepatobiliary system.
CF2	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the hepatobiliary system and pancreas.
CF241ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the gallbladder.
CF251ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the liver.
CF261ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the liver and spleen.
CG1	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the endocrine system.
CG111ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the parathyroid glands.
CG121ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the thyroid gland.
CG14GZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the bilateral adrenal glands.
CG2	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the endocrine system.
CG211ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the parathyroid glands.
CG4	Nonimaging nuclear medicine uptake of the endocrine system.
CG421ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine uptake of the thyroid gland.
CH1	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the subcutaneous tissue and breast skin.
CH101ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the right breast.
CH111ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the left breast.
CH121ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the bilateral breasts.
CH2	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the subcutaneous tissue and breast skin.
CH201ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the right breast.
CH211ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the left breast.
CH221ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the bilateral breasts.
CP1	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the musculoskeletal system.
CP111ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the skull.
CP141ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the thorax.
CP151ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the spine.
CP161ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the pelvis.
CP171ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the spine and pelvis.
CP181ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the right upper extremity.
CP191ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the left upper extremity.
CP1B1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the bilateral upper extremities.
CP1C1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the right lower extremity.
CP1D1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the left lower extremity.
CP1F1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the bilateral lower extremities.
CP1YYZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the other musculoskeletal system.
CP1Z1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the all musculoskeletal system.
CP2	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the musculoskeletal system.
CP211ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the skull.
CP221ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the cervical region spine.
CP231ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the skull and cervical region spine.
CP241ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the thorax.
CP261ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the pelvis.
CP271ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the spine and pelvis.
CP281ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the right upper extremity.
CP291ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the left upper extremity.
CP2B1ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the bilateral upper extremities.
CP2C1ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the right lower extremity.
CP2D1ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the left lower extremity.
CP2F1ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the bilateral lower extremities.
CP2G1ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the thoracic region spine.
CP2H1ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the lumbar region spine.
CP2J1ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the thoracolumbar region spine.
CP2YYZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the other musculoskeletal system.
CP5	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the musculoskeletal system.
CP55ZZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the spine.
CP5NZZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the upper extremities.
CP5PZZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the lower extremities.
CP5YYZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the other musculoskeletal system.
CT1	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the urinary system.
CT131ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the ureters and bladder kidneys.
CT1H1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the bladder and ureters.
CT2	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the urinary system.
CT231ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the ureters and bladder kidneys.
CT6	Nonimaging nuclear medicine assay of the urinary system.
CT631ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine assay of the ureters and bladder kidneys.
CV1	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the male reproductive system.
CV191ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the bilateral testicles.
CW1	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the anatomical regions.
CW101ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the abdomen.
CW111ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the abdomen and pelvis.
CW131ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the chest.
CW141ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the chest and abdomen.
CW161ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the chest and neck.
CW1B1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the head and neck.
CW1D1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the lower extremity.
CW1J1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the pelvic region region.
CW1M1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the upper extremity.
CW1N1ZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the whole body.
CW1YYZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of multiple anatomical regions.
CW1ZZZZ	Planar nuclear medicine imaging of the other anatomical region.
CW2	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the anatomical regions.
CW201ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the abdomen.
CW211ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the abdomen and pelvis.
CW231ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the chest.
CW241ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the chest and abdomen.
CW261ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the chest and neck.
CW2B1ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the head and neck.
CW2D1ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the lower extremity.
CW2J1ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the pelvic region region.
CW2M1ZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of the upper extremity.
CW2YYZZ	Tomographic (tomo) nuclear medicine imaging of multiple anatomical regions.
CW3	Positron emission tomographic (pet) imaging of the anatomical regions.
CW3NYZZ	Positron emission tomographic (pet) imaging of the whole body.
CW5	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the anatomical regions.
CW501ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the abdomen.
CW511ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the abdomen and pelvis.
CW531ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the chest.
CW541ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the chest and abdomen.
CW561ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the chest and neck.
CW5B1ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the head and neck.
CW5D1ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the lower extremity.
CW5J1ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the pelvic region region.
CW5M1ZZ	Nonimaging nuclear medicine probe of the upper extremity.
CW7	Systemic nuclear medicine therapy of the anatomical regions.
CW70NZZ	Systemic nuclear medicine therapy of the abdomen.
CW73NZZ	Systemic nuclear medicine therapy of the chest.
CW7GGZZ	Systemic nuclear medicine therapy of the thyroid.
CW7N8ZZ	Systemic nuclear medicine therapy of the whole body.
CW7YYZZ	Systemic nuclear medicine therapy of multiple anatomical regions.