X05	We conducted destruction of the nervous system.
X051329	We conducted destruction of the renal sympathetic nerve(s).
X051329	We conducted destruction of the renal sympathetic nerve(s) with an ultrasound ablation.
X05133A	We conducted destruction of the renal sympathetic nerve(s) with a radiofrequency ablation.
X05233B	We conducted destruction of the cardiac system plexus thoracic region sympathetic nerve.
X05233B	We conducted destruction of the cardiac system plexus thoracic region sympathetic nerve with a radiofrequency ablation.
X053X4B	We conducted destruction of the brain.
X053X4B	We conducted destruction of the brain with focused ultrasound therapy.
X0H	We conducted an insertion of the nervous system.
X0HK3Q8	We conducted an insertion of the sphenopalatine ganglion.
X0HK3Q8	We conducted an insertion of the sphenopalatine ganglion with a neurostimulator lead.
X0HQ3R8	We conducted an insertion of the vagus nerve.
X0HQ3R8	We conducted an insertion of the vagus nerve with a neurostimulator lead with paired stimulation system.
X0Z	We conducted an other procedures of the nervous system.
X0Z0X18	We conducted an other procedures of the prefrontal cortex.
X0Z0X18	We conducted an other procedures of the prefrontal cortex with a computer-assisted transcranial magnetic stimulation.
X27	We conducted a dilation of the cardiovascular system.
X2723CB	We conducted a dilation of the inferior vena cava and iliocaval confluence.
X2723CB	We conducted a dilation of the inferior vena cava and iliocaval confluence with an open-structure polymer lattice intraluminal device.
X27339B	We conducted a dilation of the right pulmonary artery.
X27339B	We conducted a dilation of the right pulmonary artery with an expandable intraluminal device.
X27439B	We conducted a dilation of the left pulmonary artery.
X27439B	We conducted a dilation of the left pulmonary artery with an expandable intraluminal device.
X27535B	We conducted a dilation of the right subclavian vein.
X27535B	We conducted a dilation of the right subclavian vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27635B	We conducted a dilation of the left subclavian vein.
X27635B	We conducted a dilation of the left subclavian vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27735B	We conducted a dilation of the right axillary vein.
X27735B	We conducted a dilation of the right axillary vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27835B	We conducted a dilation of the left axillary vein.
X27835B	We conducted a dilation of the left axillary vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27935B	We conducted a dilation of the right brachial vein.
X27935B	We conducted a dilation of the right brachial vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27A35B	We conducted a dilation of the left brachial vein.
X27A35B	We conducted a dilation of the left brachial vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27B35B	We conducted a dilation of the right basilic vein.
X27B35B	We conducted a dilation of the right basilic vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27C35B	We conducted a dilation of the left basilic vein.
X27C35B	We conducted a dilation of the left basilic vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27D35B	We conducted a dilation of the right cephalic vein.
X27D35B	We conducted a dilation of the right cephalic vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27E35B	We conducted a dilation of the left cephalic vein.
X27E35B	We conducted a dilation of the left cephalic vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27P3TA	We conducted a dilation of the right anterior tibial artery.
X27P3TA	We conducted a dilation of the right anterior tibial artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27Q3TA	We conducted a dilation of the left anterior tibial artery.
X27Q3TA	We conducted a dilation of the left anterior tibial artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27R3TA	We conducted a dilation of the right posterior tibial artery.
X27R3TA	We conducted a dilation of the right posterior tibial artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27S3TA	We conducted a dilation of the left posterior tibial artery.
X27S3TA	We conducted a dilation of the left posterior tibial artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27T3TA	We conducted a dilation of the right peroneal artery.
X27T3TA	We conducted a dilation of the right peroneal artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27U3TA	We conducted a dilation of the left peroneal artery.
X27U3TA	We conducted a dilation of the left peroneal artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27W39B	We conducted a dilation of the descending thoracic region aorta.
X27W39B	We conducted a dilation of the descending thoracic region aorta with an expandable intraluminal device.
X27X39B	We conducted a dilation of the ascending/arch thoracic region aorta.
X27X39B	We conducted a dilation of the ascending/arch thoracic region aorta with an expandable intraluminal device.
X28	We conducted a division of the cardiovascular system.
X28F3VA	We conducted a division of the aortic valve.
X28F3VA	We conducted a division of the aortic valve with an intraluminal bioprosthetic valve leaflet splitting technology in existing valve.
X28F3WB	We conducted a division of the aortic valve with a radiofrequency energy leaflet laceration.
X2A	We conducted assistance of the cardiovascular system.
X2A7358	We conducted assistance of the coronary sinus.
X2A7358	We conducted assistance of the coronary sinus with an intermittent coronary sinus occlusion.
X2AH34B	We conducted assistance of the right common carotid artery.
X2AH34B	We conducted assistance of the right common carotid artery with single integrated distal filter cerebral embolic filtration.
X2AJ34B	We conducted assistance of the left common carotid artery.
X2AJ34B	We conducted assistance of the left common carotid artery with single integrated distal filter cerebral embolic filtration.
X2AK34B	We conducted assistance of the right internal carotid artery.
X2AK34B	We conducted assistance of the right internal carotid artery with single integrated distal filter cerebral embolic filtration.
X2C	We conducted an extirpation of the cardiovascular system.
X2CP3T7	We conducted an extirpation of the abdominal aorta.
X2CP3T7	We conducted an extirpation with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CQ3T7	We conducted an extirpation of the right upper extremity vein.
X2CR3T7	We conducted an extirpation of the left upper extremity vein.
X2CS3T7	We conducted an extirpation of the right lower extremity artery.
X2CT3T7	We conducted an extirpation of the left lower extremity artery.
X2CU3T7	We conducted an extirpation of the right lower extremity vein.
X2CV3T7	We conducted an extirpation of the left lower extremity vein.
X2CY3T7	We conducted an extirpation of the great vessel.
X2H	We conducted an insertion of the cardiovascular system.
X2H03BB	We conducted an insertion of the inferior vena cava.
X2H03BB	We conducted an insertion of the inferior vena cava with a volume sensor management device.
X2H03R9	We conducted an insertion of the inferior vena cava with a bioprosthetic valve intraluminal device.
X2H13R9	We conducted an insertion of the superior vena cava.
X2H13R9	We conducted an insertion of the superior vena cava with a bioprosthetic valve intraluminal device.
X2H13XB	We conducted an insertion of the superior vena cava with a temporary phrenic nerve/diaphragm stimulation electrodes.
X2H20R9	We conducted an insertion of the right femoral vein.
X2H20R9	We conducted an insertion of the right femoral vein with a bioprosthetic valve intraluminal device.
X2H30R9	We conducted an insertion of the left femoral vein.
X2H30R9	We conducted an insertion of the left femoral vein with a bioprosthetic valve intraluminal device.
X2H63V9	We conducted an insertion of the right atrium.
X2H63V9	We conducted an insertion of the right atrium with a dual-chamber intracardiac pacemaker.
X2HK3V9	We conducted an insertion of the right ventricle.
X2HK3V9	We conducted an insertion of the right ventricle with a dual-chamber intracardiac pacemaker.
X2HM0F9	We conducted an insertion of the ventricular septum.
X2HM0F9	We conducted an insertion of the ventricular septum with a conduit to short-term external heart assist system.
X2HM3GB	We conducted an insertion of the ventricular septum with a lumenless small-diameter defibrillator lead.
X2HN37B	We conducted an insertion of the left ventricle.
X2HN37B	We conducted an insertion of the left ventricle with an endocardiac pacing electrode.
X2HP38B	We conducted an insertion of the right anterior tibial artery.
X2HP38B	We conducted an insertion of the right anterior tibial artery with a temporary intraluminal device.
X2HQ38B	We conducted an insertion of the left anterior tibial artery.
X2HQ38B	We conducted an insertion of the left anterior tibial artery with a temporary intraluminal device.
X2HR38B	We conducted an insertion of the right posterior tibial artery.
X2HR38B	We conducted an insertion of the right posterior tibial artery with a temporary intraluminal device.
X2HS38B	We conducted an insertion of the left posterior tibial artery.
X2HS38B	We conducted an insertion of the left posterior tibial artery with a temporary intraluminal device.
X2HT38B	We conducted an insertion of the right peroneal artery.
X2HT38B	We conducted an insertion of the right peroneal artery with a temporary intraluminal device.
X2HU38B	We conducted an insertion of the left peroneal artery.
X2HU38B	We conducted an insertion of the left peroneal artery with a temporary intraluminal device.
X2HV3GB	We conducted an insertion of the right ventricle with a lumenless small-diameter defibrillator lead.
X2HX0F9	We conducted an insertion of the ascending thoracic region aorta.
X2HX0F9	We conducted an insertion of the ascending thoracic region aorta with a conduit to short-term external heart assist system.
X2J	We conducted an inspection of the cardiovascular system.
X2JAX47	We conducted an inspection of the heart.
X2JAX47	We conducted an inspection of the heart with a computer-aided guidance transthoracic echocardiography.
X2K	We conducted a bypass of the cardiovascular system.
X2K00FB	We conducted a bypass of the inferior vena cava.
X2K00FB	We conducted a bypass of the inferior vena cava with an autologous cell seeded tissue engineered resorbable scaffold to pulmonary artery.
X2KA30A	We conducted a bypass of the left atrium.
X2KA30A	We conducted a bypass of the left atrium with a conduit through coronary sinus to right atrium.
X2KB317	We conducted a bypass of the right radial artery.
X2KB317	We conducted a bypass of the right radial artery with a thermal resistance energy.
X2KC317	We conducted a bypass of the left radial artery.
X2KC317	We conducted a bypass of the left radial artery with a thermal resistance energy.
X2KG0FB	We conducted a bypass of the hepatic vein.
X2KG0FB	We conducted a bypass of the hepatic vein with an autologous cell seeded tissue engineered resorbable scaffold to pulmonary artery.
X2KH3D9	We conducted a bypass of the right femoral artery.
X2KH3D9	We conducted a bypass of the right femoral artery with a conduit through femoral vein to superficial femoral artery.
X2KH3E9	We conducted a bypass of the right femoral artery with a conduit through femoral vein to popliteal artery.
X2KJ3D9	We conducted a bypass of the left femoral artery.
X2KJ3D9	We conducted a bypass of the left femoral artery with a conduit through femoral vein to superficial femoral artery.
X2KJ3E9	We conducted a bypass of the left femoral artery with a conduit through femoral vein to popliteal artery.
X2R	We conducted replacement of the cardiovascular system.
X2R50WA	We conducted replacement of the right upper extremity artery.
X2R50WA	We conducted replacement of the right upper extremity artery with a bioengineered human acellular vessel.
X2R60WA	We conducted replacement of the left upper extremity artery.
X2R60WA	We conducted replacement of the left upper extremity artery with a bioengineered human acellular vessel.
X2R70WA	We conducted replacement of the right lower extremity artery.
X2R70WA	We conducted replacement of the right lower extremity artery with a bioengineered human acellular vessel.
X2R80WA	We conducted replacement of the left lower extremity artery.
X2R80WA	We conducted replacement of the left lower extremity artery with a bioengineered human acellular vessel.
X2RJ3RA	We conducted replacement of the tricuspid valve.
X2RJ3RA	We conducted replacement of the tricuspid valve with a multi-plane flex technology bioprosthetic valve.
X2RX0N7	We conducted replacement of the arch thoracic region aorta.
X2RX0N7	We conducted replacement of the arch thoracic region aorta with a branched synthetic substitute with intraluminal device.
X2U	We conducted a supplement of the cardiovascular system.
X2U4079	We conducted a supplement of the coronary artery/arteries.
X2U4079	We conducted a supplement of the coronary artery/arteries with a vein graft extraluminal support device(s).
X2U93YA	We conducted a supplement of the right atrium.
X2U93YA	We conducted a supplement of the right atrium with a heterotopic bioprosthetic valve(s) intraluminal device.
X2UQ0P9	We conducted a supplement of the right upper extremity vein.
X2UQ0P9	We conducted a supplement of the right upper extremity vein with an extraluminal support device synthetic substitute.
X2UR0P9	We conducted a supplement of the left upper extremity vein.
X2UR0P9	We conducted a supplement of the left upper extremity vein with an extraluminal support device synthetic substitute.
X2V	We conducted a restriction of the cardiovascular system.
X2V73Q7	We conducted a restriction of the coronary sinus.
X2V73Q7	We conducted a restriction of the coronary sinus with a reduction device.
X2VE3SA	We conducted a restriction of the descending thoracic region aorta and abdominal aorta.
X2VE3SA	We conducted a restriction of the descending thoracic region aorta and abdominal aorta with a branched intraluminal device, manufactured integrated system, four or more arteries.
X2VW0N7	We conducted a restriction of the descending thoracic region aorta.
X2VW0N7	We conducted a restriction of the descending thoracic region aorta with a branched synthetic substitute with intraluminal device.
X2VY06B	We conducted a restriction of the thoracic region aortic arch and descending thoracic region aorta.
X2VY06B	We conducted a restriction of the thoracic region aortic arch and descending thoracic region aorta with an uncovered with support cuff intraluminal device.
X9H	We conducted an insertion of the ear, nose, and sinus.
X9HD01B	We conducted an insertion of the right inner ear.
X9HD01B	We conducted an insertion of the right inner ear with a temporary infusion device.
X9HE01B	We conducted an insertion of the left inner ear.
X9HE01B	We conducted an insertion of the left inner ear with a temporary infusion device.
X9HF01B	We conducted an insertion of the bilateral inner ear.
X9HF01B	We conducted an insertion of the bilateral inner ear with a temporary infusion device.
XD2	We conducted monitoring of the gastrointestinal system.
XD2G4V7	We conducted monitoring of the upper gi.
XD2G4V7	We conducted monitoring of the upper gi with oxygen saturation.
XD2H4V7	We conducted monitoring of the lower gi.
XD2H4V7	We conducted monitoring of the lower gi with oxygen saturation.
XDJ	We conducted an inspection of the gastrointestinal system.
XDP	We conducted an irrigation of the gastrointestinal system.
XDPH8K7	We conducted an irrigation of the lower gi.
XDPH8K7	We conducted an irrigation of the lower gi with an intraoperative single-use oversleeve.
XF5	We conducted destruction of the hepatobiliary system and pancreas.
XF50X08	We conducted destruction of the liver.
XF50X08	We conducted destruction of the liver with an ultrasound-guided cavitation.
XF51X08	We conducted destruction of the right lobe liver.
XF51X08	We conducted destruction of the right lobe liver with an ultrasound-guided cavitation.
XF52X08	We conducted destruction of the left lobe liver.
XF52X08	We conducted destruction of the left lobe liver with an ultrasound-guided cavitation.
XFJ	We conducted an inspection of the hepatobiliary system and pancreas.
XFJB8A7	We conducted an inspection of the hepatobiliary system duct.
XFJB8A7	We conducted an inspection of the hepatobiliary system duct with a single-use duodenoscope.
XFJD8A7	We conducted an inspection of the pancreatic duct.
XFJD8A7	We conducted an inspection of the pancreatic duct with a single-use duodenoscope.
XHH	We conducted an insertion of the skin, subcutaneous tissue, and fascia and breast.
XHH80HB	We conducted an insertion of the chest subcutaneous tissue and fascia.
XHH80HB	We conducted an insertion of the chest subcutaneous tissue and fascia with an ultrasound transmitter and battery for endocardiac pacing electrode.
XHR	We conducted replacement of the skin, subcutaneous tissue, and fascia and breast.
XHR0XGA	We conducted replacement of the head and neck skin.
XHR0XGA	We conducted replacement of the head and neck skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR1XGA	We conducted replacement of the chest skin.
XHR1XGA	We conducted replacement of the chest skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR2XGA	We conducted replacement of the abdomen skin.
XHR2XGA	We conducted replacement of the abdomen skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR3XGA	We conducted replacement of the back skin.
XHR3XGA	We conducted replacement of the back skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR4XGA	We conducted replacement of the right upper extremity skin.
XHR4XGA	We conducted replacement of the right upper extremity skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR5XGA	We conducted replacement of the left upper extremity skin.
XHR5XGA	We conducted replacement of the left upper extremity skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR6XGA	We conducted replacement of the right lower extremity skin.
XHR6XGA	We conducted replacement of the right lower extremity skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR7XGA	We conducted replacement of the left lower extremity skin.
XHR7XGA	We conducted replacement of the left lower extremity skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHRPXF7	We conducted replacement of the skin.
XHRPXF7	We conducted replacement of the skin with a bioengineered allogeneic construct.
XKU	We conducted a supplement of the muscles, tendons, and bursae and ligaments.
XKUC068	We conducted a supplement of the upper spine bursa and ligament.
XKUC068	We conducted a supplement of the upper spine bursa and ligament with a posterior vertebral tether.
XKUD068	We conducted a supplement of the lower spine bursa and ligament.
XKUD068	We conducted a supplement of the lower spine bursa and ligament with a posterior vertebral tether.
XNH	We conducted an insertion of the bones.
XNH6058	We conducted an insertion of the right pelvic region bone.
XNH6058	We conducted an insertion of the right pelvic region bone with an internal fixation device with tulip connector.
XNH60HB	We conducted an insertion of the right pelvic region bone with a bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device.
XNH7058	We conducted an insertion of the left pelvic region bone.
XNH7058	We conducted an insertion of the left pelvic region bone with an internal fixation device with tulip connector.
XNH70HB	We conducted an insertion of the left pelvic region bone with a bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device.
XNHG0F9	We conducted an insertion of the right tibia.
XNHG0F9	We conducted an insertion of the right tibia with a tibial extension with motion sensors.
XNHH0F9	We conducted an insertion of the left tibia.
XNHH0F9	We conducted an insertion of the left tibia with a tibial extension with motion sensors.
XNR	We conducted replacement of the bones.
XNR80D9	We conducted replacement of the skull.
XNR80D9	We conducted replacement of the skull with an ultrasound penetrable synthetic substitute.
XNRM099	We conducted replacement of the left tarsal.
XNRM099	We conducted replacement of the left tarsal with a talar prosthesis synthetic substitute.
XNS	We conducted a reposition of the bones.
XNS0032	We conducted a reposition of the lumbar region vertebra.
XNS0032	We conducted a reposition of the lumbar region vertebra with a magnetically controlled growth rod(s).
XNS00C7	We conducted a reposition of the lumbar region vertebra with a posterior (dynamic) distraction device.
XNS3032	We conducted a reposition of the cervical region vertebra.
XNS3032	We conducted a reposition of the cervical region vertebra with a magnetically controlled growth rod(s).
XNS4032	We conducted a reposition of the right humeral shaft.
XNS4032	We conducted a reposition of the right humeral shaft with a magnetically controlled growth rod(s).
XNS40C7	We conducted a reposition of the right humeral shaft with a posterior (dynamic) distraction device.
XNS40GA	We conducted a reposition of the right humeral shaft with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS50GA	We conducted a reposition of the left humeral shaft.
XNS50GA	We conducted a reposition of the left humeral shaft with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS60GA	We conducted a reposition of the right radius.
XNS60GA	We conducted a reposition of the right radius with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS70GA	We conducted a reposition of the left radius.
XNS70GA	We conducted a reposition of the left radius with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS80GA	We conducted a reposition of the right ulna.
XNS80GA	We conducted a reposition of the right ulna with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS90GA	We conducted a reposition of the left ulna.
XNS90GA	We conducted a reposition of the left ulna with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSA0GA	We conducted a reposition of the right upper femur.
XNSA0GA	We conducted a reposition of the right upper femur with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSB0GA	We conducted a reposition of the left upper femur.
XNSB0GA	We conducted a reposition of the left upper femur with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSC0GA	We conducted a reposition of the right lower femur.
XNSC0GA	We conducted a reposition of the right lower femur with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSD0GA	We conducted a reposition of the left lower femur.
XNSD0GA	We conducted a reposition of the left lower femur with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSE0GA	We conducted a reposition of the right femoral shaft.
XNSE0GA	We conducted a reposition of the right femoral shaft with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSF0GA	We conducted a reposition of the left femoral shaft.
XNSF0GA	We conducted a reposition of the left femoral shaft with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSG0GA	We conducted a reposition of the right tibia.
XNSG0GA	We conducted a reposition of the right tibia with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSH0GA	We conducted a reposition of the left tibia.
XNSH0GA	We conducted a reposition of the left tibia with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSN0HB	We conducted a reposition of the right pelvic region bone.
XNSN0HB	We conducted a reposition of the right pelvic region bone with a bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device.
XNSP0HB	We conducted a reposition of the left pelvic region bone.
XNSP0HB	We conducted a reposition of the left pelvic region bone with a bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device.
XNU	We conducted a supplement of the bones.
XNU0356	We conducted a supplement of the lumbar region vertebra.
XNU0356	We conducted a supplement of the lumbar region vertebra with a mechanically expandable (paired) synthetic substitute.
XNU4356	We conducted a supplement of the thoracic region vertebra.
XNU4356	We conducted a supplement of the thoracic region vertebra with a mechanically expandable (paired) synthetic substitute.
XRG	We conducted a fusion of the joints.
XRG10RB	We conducted a fusion of the cervical region vertebral joint.
XRG10RB	We conducted a fusion of the cervical region vertebral joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRG20RB	We conducted a fusion of 2 or more cervical region vertebral joints.
XRG20RB	We conducted a fusion of 2 or more cervical region vertebral joints with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRG40RB	We conducted a fusion of the cervicothoracic region vertebral joint.
XRG40RB	We conducted a fusion of the cervicothoracic region vertebral joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRGA0EA	We conducted a fusion of the thoracolumbar region vertebral joint.
XRGA0EA	We conducted a fusion of the thoracolumbar region vertebral joint with a paired titanium cages facet joint fusion device.
XRGA0R7	We conducted a fusion of the thoracolumbar region vertebral joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRGB0EA	We conducted a fusion of the lumbar region vertebral joint.
XRGB0EA	We conducted a fusion of the lumbar region vertebral joint with a paired titanium cages facet joint fusion device.
XRGB0R7	We conducted a fusion of the lumbar region vertebral joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRGC0EA	We conducted a fusion of 2 or more lumbar region vertebral joints.
XRGC0EA	We conducted a fusion of 2 or more lumbar region vertebral joints with a paired titanium cages facet joint fusion device.
XRGC0R7	We conducted a fusion of 2 or more lumbar region vertebral joints with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRGD0EA	We conducted a fusion of the lumbosacral region joint.
XRGD0EA	We conducted a fusion of the lumbosacral region joint with a paired titanium cages facet joint fusion device.
XRGD0R7	We conducted a fusion of the lumbosacral region joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRGE058	We conducted a fusion of the right sacroiliac joint.
XRGE058	We conducted a fusion of the right sacroiliac joint with an internal fixation device with tulip connector.
XRGE0HB	We conducted a fusion of the right sacroiliac joint with a bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device.
XRGF058	We conducted a fusion of the left sacroiliac joint.
XRGF058	We conducted a fusion of the left sacroiliac joint with an internal fixation device with tulip connector.
XRGF0HB	We conducted a fusion of the left sacroiliac joint with a bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device.
XRGJ0B9	We conducted a fusion of the right ankle joint.
XRGJ0B9	We conducted a fusion of the right ankle joint with an open-truss design internal fixation device.
XRGJ0CA	We conducted a fusion of the right ankle joint with a gyroid-sheet lattice design internal fixation device.
XRGK0B9	We conducted a fusion of the left ankle joint.
XRGK0B9	We conducted a fusion of the left ankle joint with an open-truss design internal fixation device.
XRGK0CA	We conducted a fusion of the left ankle joint with a gyroid-sheet lattice design internal fixation device.
XRGM0B9	We conducted a fusion of the left tarsal joint.
XRGM0B9	We conducted a fusion of the left tarsal joint with an open-truss design internal fixation device.
XRGM0CA	We conducted a fusion of the left tarsal joint with a gyroid-sheet lattice design internal fixation device.
XRH	We conducted an insertion of the joints.
XRH10GB	We conducted an insertion of the cervical region vertebral joint.
XRH10GB	We conducted an insertion of the cervical region vertebral joint with a molybdenum rhenium alloy spinal stabilization device.
XRH20GB	We conducted an insertion of 2 or more cervical region vertebral joints.
XRH20GB	We conducted an insertion of 2 or more cervical region vertebral joints with a molybdenum rhenium alloy spinal stabilization device.
XRH40GB	We conducted an insertion of the cervicothoracic region vertebral joint.
XRH40GB	We conducted an insertion of the cervicothoracic region vertebral joint with a molybdenum rhenium alloy spinal stabilization device.
XRH60FA	We conducted an insertion of the thoracic region vertebral joint.
XRH60FA	We conducted an insertion of the thoracic region vertebral joint with a pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device.
XRH60GB	We conducted an insertion of the thoracic region vertebral joint with a molybdenum rhenium alloy spinal stabilization device.
XRH70FA	We conducted an insertion of 2 to 7 thoracic region vertebral joints.
XRH70FA	We conducted an insertion of 2 to 7 thoracic region vertebral joints with a pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device.
XRH80FA	We conducted an insertion of the 8 or more thoracic region vertebral joints.
XRH80FA	We conducted an insertion of the 8 or more thoracic region vertebral joints with a pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device.
XRHA0FA	We conducted an insertion of the thoracolumbar region vertebral joint.
XRHA0FA	We conducted an insertion of the thoracolumbar region vertebral joint with a pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device.
XRHB018	We conducted an insertion of the lumbar region vertebral joint.
XRHB018	We conducted an insertion of the lumbar region vertebral joint with a posterior spinal motion preservation device.
XRHB0FA	We conducted an insertion of the lumbar region vertebral joint with a pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device.
XRHC0FA	We conducted an insertion of 2 or more lumbar region vertebral joints.
XRHC0FA	We conducted an insertion of 2 or more lumbar region vertebral joints with a pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device.
XRHD018	We conducted an insertion of the lumbosacral region joint.
XRHD018	We conducted an insertion of the lumbosacral region joint with a posterior spinal motion preservation device.
XRHD0FA	We conducted an insertion of the lumbosacral region joint with a pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device.
XRR	We conducted replacement of the joints.
XRRG0M8	We conducted replacement of the right knee joint.
XRRG0M8	We conducted replacement of the right knee joint with a medial meniscus synthetic substitute.
XRRH0M8	We conducted replacement of the left knee joint.
XRRH0M8	We conducted replacement of the left knee joint with a medial meniscus synthetic substitute.
XT2	We conducted monitoring of the urinary system.
XT25XE5	We conducted monitoring of the kidney.
XT25XE5	We conducted monitoring of the kidney with a fluorescent pyrazine.
XU7	We conducted a dilation of the female reproductive system.
XU7G71B	We conducted a dilation of the vagina.
XU7G71B	We conducted a dilation of the vagina with a temporary electromechanical intraluminal device.
XW0	We conducted an introduction of the anatomical regions.
XW00X27	We conducted an introduction of the skin.
XW00X27	We conducted an introduction of the skin with cpi-601 enzyme replacement therapy.
XW01318	We conducted an introduction of the subcutaneous tissue.
XW01318	We conducted an introduction of the subcutaneous tissue with an eladocagene exuparvovec.
XW01329	We conducted an introduction of the subcutaneous tissue with cpi-601 enzyme replacement therapy.
XW01348	We conducted an introduction of the subcutaneous tissue with a somatic stem cells.
XW0136A	We conducted an introduction of the subcutaneous tissue with afamitresgene autoleucel immunotherapy.
XW01397	We conducted an introduction of the subcutaneous tissue with an odronextamab antineoplastic.
XW013F5	We conducted an introduction of the subcutaneous tissue with other new technology therapeutic substance.
XW013G6	We conducted an introduction of the subcutaneous tissue with temporary irrigation spacer system vancomycin hydrochloride and tobramycin sulfate anti-infective.
XW013H6	We conducted an introduction of the subcutaneous tissue with one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW013K6	We conducted an introduction of the subcutaneous tissue with three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW013S6	We conducted an introduction of the subcutaneous tissue with an iobenguane i-131 antineoplastic.
XW013T6	We conducted an introduction of the subcutaneous tissue with a melphalan hydrochloride antineoplastic.
XW013U6	We conducted an introduction of the subcutaneous tissue with a covid-19 vaccine.
XW013V7	We conducted an introduction of the subcutaneous tissue with xanomeline and trospium chloride.
XW013W5	We conducted an introduction of the subcutaneous tissue with agn1 bone void filler.
XW020D8	We conducted an introduction of the muscle.
XW020D8	We conducted an introduction of the muscle with a donislecel-jujn allogeneic pancreatic islet cellular suspension.
XW023S6	We conducted an introduction of the muscle with an iobenguane i-131 antineoplastic.
XW023T6	We conducted an introduction of the muscle with a melphalan hydrochloride antineoplastic.
XW023U6	We conducted an introduction of the muscle with a covid-19 vaccine.
XW023V7	We conducted an introduction of the muscle with xanomeline and trospium chloride.
XW023W7	We conducted an introduction of the muscle with agn1 bone void filler.
XW023X7	We conducted an introduction of the muscle with peptide enhanced bone void filler.
XW023Y7	We conducted an introduction of the muscle with another new technology monoclonal antibody.
XW03308	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein.
XW03308	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with an alpha1-proteinase inhibitor.
XW0331B	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with an eladocagene exuparvovec.
XW0333A	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with maribavir anti-infective.
XW0334A	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with a somatic stem cells.
XW03357	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with ceftobiprole medocaril anti-infective.
XW03367	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with afamitresgene autoleucel immunotherapy.
XW03372	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with tabelecleucel immunotherapy.
XW03387	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with a mineral-based topical hemostatic agent.
XW03396	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with an odronextamab antineoplastic.
XW033A7	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with ciltacabtagene autoleucel.
XW033B3	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with orca-t allogeneic t-cell immunotherapy.
XW033C7	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with a zanidatamab antineoplastic.
XW033DA	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with a donislecel-jujn allogeneic pancreatic islet cellular suspension.
XW033E5	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with remdesivir anti-infective.
XW033F3	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with other new technology therapeutic substance.
XW033G5	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with temporary irrigation spacer system vancomycin hydrochloride and tobramycin sulfate anti-infective.
XW033H5	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW033J7	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW033K7	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW033M7	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with baricitinib.
XW033N7	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with ser-109.
XW033P9	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with antibiotic-eluting bone void filler.
XW033Q5	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with an iloprost.
XW033R9	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with fostamatinib.
XW033S5	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with an iobenguane i-131 antineoplastic.
XW033W5	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral vein with agn1 bone void filler.
XW04308	We conducted an introduction of the central vein.
XW04308	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with an alpha1-proteinase inhibitor.
XW0431B	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with an eladocagene exuparvovec.
XW0433A	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with maribavir anti-infective.
XW0434A	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with a somatic stem cells.
XW04357	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with ceftobiprole medocaril anti-infective.
XW04367	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with afamitresgene autoleucel immunotherapy.
XW04372	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with tabelecleucel immunotherapy.
XW04387	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with a mineral-based topical hemostatic agent.
XW04396	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with an odronextamab antineoplastic.
XW043A7	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with ciltacabtagene autoleucel.
XW043B3	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with orca-t allogeneic t-cell immunotherapy.
XW043C7	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with a zanidatamab antineoplastic.
XW043E5	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with remdesivir anti-infective.
XW043F3	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with other new technology therapeutic substance.
XW043G5	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with temporary irrigation spacer system vancomycin hydrochloride and tobramycin sulfate anti-infective.
XW043H5	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW043J7	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW043K7	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW043M7	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with baricitinib.
XW043N7	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with ser-109.
XW043P9	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with antibiotic-eluting bone void filler.
XW043Q5	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with an iloprost.
XW043R9	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with fostamatinib.
XW043S5	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with an iobenguane i-131 antineoplastic.
XW043W5	We conducted an introduction of the central vein with agn1 bone void filler.
XW0534B	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral artery.
XW0534B	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral artery with a somatic stem cells.
XW053T9	We conducted an introduction of the peripheral artery with a melphalan hydrochloride antineoplastic.
XW0632B	We conducted an introduction of the cerebral ventricle.
XW0632B	We conducted an introduction of the cerebral ventricle with cpi-601 enzyme replacement therapy.
XW0DX38	We conducted an introduction of the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DX38	We conducted an introduction of the mouth and pharynx with maribavir anti-infective.
XW0DX82	We conducted an introduction of the mouth and pharynx with a mineral-based topical hemostatic agent.
XW0DXF5	We conducted an introduction of the mouth and pharynx with other new technology therapeutic substance.
XW0DXJ9	We conducted an introduction of the mouth and pharynx with two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW0DXK8	We conducted an introduction of the mouth and pharynx with three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW0DXM6	We conducted an introduction of the mouth and pharynx with baricitinib.
XW0DXN9	We conducted an introduction of the mouth and pharynx with ser-109.
XW0DXR7	We conducted an introduction of the mouth and pharynx with fostamatinib.
XW0DXVB	We conducted an introduction of the mouth and pharynx with xanomeline and trospium chloride.
XW0E33B	We conducted an introduction of the ear(s).
XW0E33B	We conducted an introduction of the ear(s) with maribavir anti-infective.
XW0G738	We conducted an introduction of the upper gi.
XW0G738	We conducted an introduction of the upper gi with maribavir anti-infective.
XW0G7K8	We conducted an introduction of the upper gi with three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW0G7M6	We conducted an introduction of the upper gi with baricitinib.
XW0G7R7	We conducted an introduction of the upper gi with fostamatinib.
XW0G886	We conducted an introduction of the upper gi with a mineral-based topical hemostatic agent.
XW0H738	We conducted an introduction of the lower gi.
XW0H738	We conducted an introduction of the lower gi with maribavir anti-infective.
XW0H7K8	We conducted an introduction of the lower gi with three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW0H7M6	We conducted an introduction of the lower gi with baricitinib.
XW0H7R7	We conducted an introduction of the lower gi with fostamatinib.
XW0H7X8	We conducted an introduction of the lower gi with peptide enhanced bone void filler.
XW0H886	We conducted an introduction of the lower gi with a mineral-based topical hemostatic agent.
XW0J3HA	We conducted an introduction of the single coronary artery.
XW0J3HA	We conducted an introduction of the single coronary artery with one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW0J3JA	We conducted an introduction of the single coronary artery with two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW0J3KA	We conducted an introduction of the single coronary artery with three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW0K3HA	We conducted an introduction of two coronary arteries.
XW0K3HA	We conducted an introduction of two coronary arteries with one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW0K3JA	We conducted an introduction of two coronary arteries with two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW0K3KA	We conducted an introduction of two coronary arteries with three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW0M3HA	We conducted an introduction of four or more coronary arteries.
XW0M3HA	We conducted an introduction of four or more coronary arteries with one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW0M3JA	We conducted an introduction of four or more coronary arteries with two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW0M3KA	We conducted an introduction of four or more coronary arteries with three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology.
XW0Q316	We conducted an introduction of the cranial cavity and brain.
XW0Q316	We conducted an introduction of the cranial cavity and brain with an eladocagene exuparvovec.
XW0U0GA	We conducted an introduction of the joints.
XW0U0GA	We conducted an introduction of the joints with temporary irrigation spacer system vancomycin hydrochloride and tobramycin sulfate anti-infective.
XW0U0XB	We conducted an introduction of the joints with peptide enhanced bone void filler.
XW0V0P7	We conducted an introduction of the bones.
XW0V0P7	We conducted an introduction of the bones with antibiotic-eluting bone void filler.
XW0V3WA	We conducted an introduction of the bones with agn1 bone void filler.
XW1	We conducted a transfusion of the anatomical regions.
XW13325	We conducted a transfusion of the peripheral vein.
XW13325	We conducted a transfusion with convalescent (nonautologous) plasma.
XW1337A	We conducted a transfusion with marnetegragene autotemcel.
XW133B8	We conducted a transfusion with betibeglogene autotemcel.
XW133C8	We conducted a transfusion with omidubicel.
XW133D7	We conducted a transfusion with a high-dose intravenous immune globulin.
XW133E7	We conducted a transfusion with a hyperimmune globulin.
XW133F8	We conducted a transfusion with otl-103.
XW133G8	We conducted a transfusion with atidarsagene autotemcel.
XW133H9	We conducted a transfusion with lovotibeglogene autotemcel.
XW133J8	We conducted a transfusion with exagamglogene autotemcel.
XW133SB	We conducted a transfusion with mozafancogene autotemcel.
XW133YB	We conducted a transfusion with shelf-stable nonautologous (human) fibrinogen concentrate.
XW14325	We conducted a transfusion of the central vein.
XWH	We conducted an insertion of the anatomical regions.
XWHD7Q7	We conducted an insertion of the mouth and pharynx.
XWHD7Q7	We conducted an insertion of the mouth and pharynx with a neurostimulator lead.
XX2	We conducted monitoring of the physiological systems.
XX20X89	We conducted monitoring of the central nervous system.
XX20X89	We conducted monitoring of the central nervous system with computer-aided detection and notification brain electrical activity.
XX25X0A	We conducted monitoring of the circulatory system.
XX25X0A	We conducted monitoring of the circulatory system with adhesive ultrasound patch technology blood flow.
XX2KXDB	We conducted monitoring of the subcutaneous tissue.
XX2KXDB	We conducted monitoring of the subcutaneous tissue with a wearable sensor interstitial glucose.
XX2KXP9	We conducted monitoring of the subcutaneous tissue with sub-epidermal moisture using electrical biocapacitance interstitial fluid volume.
XXA	We conducted assistance of the physiological systems.
XXA536A	We conducted assistance of the circulatory system.
XXA536A	We conducted assistance of the circulatory system with blood pathogens filtration.
XXA539B	We conducted assistance of the circulatory system with ticagrelor filtration.
XXE	We conducted a measurement of the physiological systems.
XXE0X07	We conducted a measurement of the central nervous system.
XXE0X07	We conducted a measurement of the central nervous system with computer-aided assessment intracranial vascular activity.
XXE0X1A	We conducted a measurement of the central nervous system with computer-aided assessment output.
XXE0X48	We conducted a measurement of the central nervous system with a positive blood culture small molecule sensor array technology infection.
XXE2X19	We conducted a measurement of the cardiac system.
XXE2X19	We conducted a measurement of the cardiac system with computer-aided assessment output.
XXE3X27	We conducted a measurement of the arterial system.
XXE3X27	We conducted a measurement of the arterial system with a phenotypic fully automated rapid susceptibility technology with controlled inoculum infection.
XXE3X58	We conducted a measurement of the arterial system with a whole blood cellular assessment via microfluidic deformability immune response.
XXE3X68	We conducted a measurement of the arterial system with computer-aided valve modeling and notification coronary artery flow.
XXE5X2A	We conducted a measurement of the circulatory system.
XXE5X2A	We conducted a measurement of the circulatory system with a phenotypic fully automated rapid susceptibility technology with controlled inoculum infection.
XXE5X38	We conducted a measurement of the circulatory system with a whole blood reverse transcription and quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction infection.
XXE5X4A	We conducted a measurement of the circulatory system with a positive blood culture small molecule sensor array technology infection.
XXE5X5A	We conducted a measurement of the circulatory system with a whole blood cellular assessment via microfluidic deformability immune response.
XXE5XBB	We conducted a measurement of the circulatory system with a gene expression testing system infection and immune response.
XXE5XR7	We conducted a measurement of the circulatory system with a mechanical initial specimen diversion technique using active negative pressure infection.
XXE5XT7	We conducted a measurement of the circulatory system with whole blood mrna intracranial arterial flow.
XXE5XV7	We conducted a measurement of the circulatory system with a serum/plasma nanoparticle fluorescence sars-cov-2 antibody detection infection.
XXE5XY9	We conducted a measurement of the circulatory system with another positive blood/isolated colonies bimodal phenotypic susceptibility technology infection.
XXE97U7	We conducted a measurement of the nose.
XXE97U7	We conducted a measurement of the nose with a nasopharyngeal fluid sars-cov-2 polymerase chain reaction infection.
XY0	We conducted an introduction of the extracorporeal circuit.
XY0VX83	We conducted an introduction of the vein graft.
XY0VX83	We conducted an introduction of the vein graft with an endothelial damage inhibitor.
XY0YX28	We conducted an introduction of the extracorporeal circuit with a taurolidine anti-infective and heparin anticoagulant.
XY0YX37	We conducted an introduction of the extracorporeal circuit with a nafamostat anticoagulant.