F00	We conducted a speech assessment.
F003GKZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech assessment of the whole body neurological system.
F003GKZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech assessment of the whole body neurological system using audiovisual equipment.
F003GMZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech assessment of the whole body neurological system using augmentative / alternative communication.
F003GPZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech assessment of the whole body neurological system using computer.
F003GYZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech assessment of the whole body neurological system using other equipment.
F00Z01Z	We performed a filtered speech speech assessment.
F00Z01Z	We performed a filtered speech speech assessment using audiometer.
F00Z02Z	We performed a filtered speech speech assessment using sound field / booth.
F00Z0KZ	We performed a filtered speech speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00Z11Z	We performed a speech threshold speech assessment.
F00Z11Z	We performed a speech threshold speech assessment using audiometer.
F00Z12Z	We performed a speech threshold speech assessment using sound field / booth.
F00Z19Z	We performed a speech threshold speech assessment using cochlear implant.
F00Z1KZ	We performed a speech threshold speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00Z21Z	We performed a speech/word recognition speech assessment.
F00Z21Z	We performed a speech/word recognition speech assessment using audiometer.
F00Z22Z	We performed a speech/word recognition speech assessment using sound field / booth.
F00Z29Z	We performed a speech/word recognition speech assessment using cochlear implant.
F00Z2KZ	We performed a speech/word recognition speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00Z31Z	We performed a staggered spondaic word speech assessment.
F00Z31Z	We performed a staggered spondaic word speech assessment using audiometer.
F00Z32Z	We performed a staggered spondaic word speech assessment using sound field / booth.
F00Z3KZ	We performed a staggered spondaic word speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00Z41Z	We performed a sensorineural acuity level speech assessment.
F00Z41Z	We performed a sensorineural acuity level speech assessment using audiometer.
F00Z42Z	We performed a sensorineural acuity level speech assessment using sound field / booth.
F00Z51Z	We performed a synthetic sentence identification speech assessment.
F00Z51Z	We performed a synthetic sentence identification speech assessment using audiometer.
F00Z52Z	We performed a synthetic sentence identification speech assessment using sound field / booth.
F00Z59Z	We performed a synthetic sentence identification speech assessment using cochlear implant.
F00Z5KZ	We performed a synthetic sentence identification speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00Z6KZ	We performed speech and/or language screening speech assessment.
F00Z6KZ	We performed speech and/or language screening speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00Z6MZ	We performed speech and/or language screening speech assessment using augmentative / alternative communication.
F00Z6PZ	We performed speech and/or language screening speech assessment using computer.
F00Z6YZ	We performed speech and/or language screening speech assessment using other equipment.
F00Z7KZ	We performed a nonspoken language speech assessment.
F00Z7KZ	We performed a nonspoken language speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00Z7MZ	We performed a nonspoken language speech assessment using augmentative / alternative communication.
F00Z7PZ	We performed a nonspoken language speech assessment using computer.
F00Z7YZ	We performed a nonspoken language speech assessment using other equipment.
F00Z8KZ	We performed a receptive/expressive language speech assessment.
F00Z8KZ	We performed a receptive/expressive language speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00Z8MZ	We performed a receptive/expressive language speech assessment using augmentative / alternative communication.
F00Z8PZ	We performed a receptive/expressive language speech assessment using computer.
F00Z8YZ	We performed a receptive/expressive language speech assessment using other equipment.
F00Z9KZ	We performed an articulation/phonology speech assessment.
F00Z9KZ	We performed an articulation/phonology speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00Z9PZ	We performed an articulation/phonology speech assessment using computer.
F00Z9QZ	We performed an articulation/phonology speech assessment using speech analysis.
F00Z9YZ	We performed an articulation/phonology speech assessment using other equipment.
F00ZBKZ	We performed a motor speech speech assessment.
F00ZBKZ	We performed a motor speech speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00ZBNZ	We performed a motor speech speech assessment using biosensory feedback.
F00ZBPZ	We performed a motor speech speech assessment using computer.
F00ZBQZ	We performed a motor speech speech assessment using speech analysis.
F00ZBTZ	We performed a motor speech speech assessment using aerodynamic function.
F00ZBYZ	We performed a motor speech speech assessment using other equipment.
F00ZCKZ	We performed an aphasia speech assessment.
F00ZCKZ	We performed an aphasia speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00ZCMZ	We performed an aphasia speech assessment using augmentative / alternative communication.
F00ZCPZ	We performed an aphasia speech assessment using computer.
F00ZCYZ	We performed an aphasia speech assessment using other equipment.
F00ZDKZ	We performed a fluency speech assessment.
F00ZDKZ	We performed a fluency speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00ZDNZ	We performed a fluency speech assessment using biosensory feedback.
F00ZDPZ	We performed a fluency speech assessment using computer.
F00ZDQZ	We performed a fluency speech assessment using speech analysis.
F00ZDSZ	We performed a fluency speech assessment using voice analysis.
F00ZDTZ	We performed a fluency speech assessment using aerodynamic function.
F00ZDYZ	We performed a fluency speech assessment using other equipment.
F00ZFKZ	We performed a voice speech assessment.
F00ZFKZ	We performed a voice speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00ZFNZ	We performed a voice speech assessment using biosensory feedback.
F00ZFPZ	We performed a voice speech assessment using computer.
F00ZFSZ	We performed a voice speech assessment using voice analysis.
F00ZFTZ	We performed a voice speech assessment using aerodynamic function.
F00ZFYZ	We performed a voice speech assessment using other equipment.
F00ZGKZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech assessment.
F00ZGKZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00ZGMZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech assessment using augmentative / alternative communication.
F00ZGPZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech assessment using computer.
F00ZGYZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech assessment using other equipment.
F00ZHYZ	We performed bedside swallowing and oral function speech assessment.
F00ZHYZ	We performed bedside swallowing and oral function speech assessment using other equipment.
F00ZJTZ	We performed instrumental swallowing and oral function speech assessment.
F00ZJTZ	We performed instrumental swallowing and oral function speech assessment using aerodynamic function.
F00ZJWZ	We performed instrumental swallowing and oral function speech assessment using swallowing.
F00ZJYZ	We performed instrumental swallowing and oral function speech assessment using other equipment.
F00ZKKZ	We performed an orofacial myofunctional speech assessment.
F00ZKKZ	We performed an orofacial myofunctional speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00ZKPZ	We performed an orofacial myofunctional speech assessment using computer.
F00ZKYZ	We performed an orofacial myofunctional speech assessment using other equipment.
F00ZMKZ	We performed a voice prosthetic speech assessment.
F00ZMKZ	We performed a voice prosthetic speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00ZMPZ	We performed a voice prosthetic speech assessment using computer.
F00ZMSZ	We performed a voice prosthetic speech assessment using voice analysis.
F00ZMVZ	We performed a voice prosthetic speech assessment using speech prosthesis.
F00ZMYZ	We performed a voice prosthetic speech assessment using other equipment.
F00ZNNZ	We performed non-invasive instrumental status speech assessment.
F00ZNNZ	We performed non-invasive instrumental status speech assessment using biosensory feedback.
F00ZNPZ	We performed non-invasive instrumental status speech assessment using computer.
F00ZNQZ	We performed non-invasive instrumental status speech assessment using speech analysis.
F00ZNSZ	We performed non-invasive instrumental status speech assessment using voice analysis.
F00ZNTZ	We performed non-invasive instrumental status speech assessment using aerodynamic function.
F00ZNYZ	We performed non-invasive instrumental status speech assessment using other equipment.
F00ZPYZ	We performed an oral peripheral mechanism speech assessment.
F00ZPYZ	We performed an oral peripheral mechanism speech assessment using other equipment.
F00ZQ1Z	We performed a performance intensity phonetically balanced speech discrimination speech assessment.
F00ZQ1Z	We performed a performance intensity phonetically balanced speech discrimination speech assessment using audiometer.
F00ZQ2Z	We performed a performance intensity phonetically balanced speech discrimination speech assessment using sound field / booth.
F00ZQKZ	We performed a performance intensity phonetically balanced speech discrimination speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00ZR1Z	We performed a brief tone stimuli speech assessment.
F00ZR1Z	We performed a brief tone stimuli speech assessment using audiometer.
F00ZR2Z	We performed a brief tone stimuli speech assessment using sound field / booth.
F00ZRKZ	We performed a brief tone stimuli speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00ZS1Z	We performed a distorted speech speech assessment.
F00ZS1Z	We performed a distorted speech speech assessment using audiometer.
F00ZS2Z	We performed a distorted speech speech assessment using sound field / booth.
F00ZSKZ	We performed a distorted speech speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00ZT1Z	We performed a dichotic stimuli speech assessment.
F00ZT1Z	We performed a dichotic stimuli speech assessment using audiometer.
F00ZT2Z	We performed a dichotic stimuli speech assessment using sound field / booth.
F00ZTKZ	We performed a dichotic stimuli speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00ZV1Z	We performed a temporal ordering of stimuli speech assessment.
F00ZV1Z	We performed a temporal ordering of stimuli speech assessment using audiometer.
F00ZV2Z	We performed a temporal ordering of stimuli speech assessment using sound field / booth.
F00ZVKZ	We performed a temporal ordering of stimuli speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00ZW1Z	We performed a masking patterns speech assessment.
F00ZW1Z	We performed a masking patterns speech assessment using audiometer.
F00ZW2Z	We performed a masking patterns speech assessment using sound field / booth.
F00ZWKZ	We performed a masking patterns speech assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F00ZXZZ	We performed an other specified central auditory processing speech assessment.
F01	We conducted a motor and/or nerve function assessment.
F0100EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck neurological system.
F0100EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck neurological system using orthosis.
F0100FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0100UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck neurological system using prosthesis.
F0100YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck neurological system using other equipment.
F0101ZZ	We performed an integumentary integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck neurological system.
F0103ZZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck neurological system.
F0104ZZ	We performed motor function motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck neurological system.
F0105YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck neurological system.
F0105YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck neurological system using other equipment.
F0106YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck neurological system.
F0106YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck neurological system using other equipment.
F010GZZ	We performed a reflex integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck neurological system.
F0110EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system.
F0110EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using orthosis.
F0110FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0110UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using prosthesis.
F0110YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using other equipment.
F0111ZZ	We performed an integumentary integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system.
F0113ZZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system.
F0114ZZ	We performed motor function motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system.
F0115YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system.
F0115YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using other equipment.
F0116YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system.
F0116YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using other equipment.
F011GZZ	We performed a reflex integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system.
F0120EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system.
F0120EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using orthosis.
F0120FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0120UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using prosthesis.
F0120YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using other equipment.
F0121ZZ	We performed an integumentary integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system.
F0123ZZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system.
F0124ZZ	We performed motor function motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system.
F0125YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system.
F0125YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using other equipment.
F0126YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system.
F0126YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using other equipment.
F012GZZ	We performed a reflex integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system.
F0130EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body neurological system.
F0130EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body neurological system using orthosis.
F0130FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0130UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body neurological system using prosthesis.
F0130YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body neurological system using other equipment.
F0131ZZ	We performed an integumentary integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body neurological system.
F0133ZZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body neurological system.
F0134ZZ	We performed motor function motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body neurological system.
F0135YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body neurological system.
F0135YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body neurological system using other equipment.
F0136YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body neurological system.
F0136YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body neurological system using other equipment.
F013GZZ	We performed a reflex integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body neurological system.
F01D0EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck integumentary system.
F01D0EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck integumentary system using orthosis.
F01D0FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F01D0UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck integumentary system using prosthesis.
F01D0YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck integumentary system using other equipment.
F01D1ZZ	We performed an integumentary integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck integumentary system.
F01D5YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck integumentary system.
F01D5YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck integumentary system using other equipment.
F01D6YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck integumentary system.
F01D6YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck integumentary system using other equipment.
F01F0EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system.
F01F0EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using orthosis.
F01F0FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F01F0UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using prosthesis.
F01F0YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using other equipment.
F01F1ZZ	We performed an integumentary integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system.
F01F5YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system.
F01F5YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using other equipment.
F01F6YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system.
F01F6YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using other equipment.
F01G0EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system.
F01G0EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using orthosis.
F01G0FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F01G0UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using prosthesis.
F01G0YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using other equipment.
F01G1ZZ	We performed an integumentary integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system.
F01G5YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system.
F01G5YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using other equipment.
F01G6YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system.
F01G6YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using other equipment.
F01H0EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body integumentary system.
F01H0EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body integumentary system using orthosis.
F01H0FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F01H0UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body integumentary system using prosthesis.
F01H0YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body integumentary system using other equipment.
F01H1ZZ	We performed an integumentary integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body integumentary system.
F01H5YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body integumentary system.
F01H5YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body integumentary system using other equipment.
F01H6YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body integumentary system.
F01H6YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body integumentary system using other equipment.
F01J0EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system.
F01J0EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F01J0FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F01J0UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F01J0YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F01J1ZZ	We performed an integumentary integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system.
F01J5YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system.
F01J5YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F01J6YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system.
F01J6YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F01K0EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system.
F01K0EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F01K0FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F01K0UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F01K0YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F01K1ZZ	We performed an integumentary integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system.
F01K5YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system.
F01K5YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F01K6YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system.
F01K6YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F01M0EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body musculoskeletal system.
F01M0EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F01M0FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F01M0UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F01M0YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F01M1ZZ	We performed an integumentary integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body musculoskeletal system.
F01M5YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body musculoskeletal system.
F01M5YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F01M6YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body musculoskeletal system.
F01M6YZ	We performed a sensory awareness/processing/integrity motor and/or nerve function assessment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F01N0EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the genitourinary system.
F01N0EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the genitourinary system using orthosis.
F01N0FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the genitourinary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F01N0UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the genitourinary system using prosthesis.
F01N0YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor and/or nerve function assessment of the genitourinary system using other equipment.
F01Z2KZ	We performed a visual motor integration motor and/or nerve function assessment.
F01Z2KZ	We performed a visual motor integration motor and/or nerve function assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F01Z2MZ	We performed a visual motor integration motor and/or nerve function assessment using augmentative / alternative communication.
F01Z2NZ	We performed a visual motor integration motor and/or nerve function assessment using biosensory feedback.
F01Z2PZ	We performed a visual motor integration motor and/or nerve function assessment using computer.
F01Z2QZ	We performed a visual motor integration motor and/or nerve function assessment using speech analysis.
F01Z2SZ	We performed a visual motor integration motor and/or nerve function assessment using voice analysis.
F01Z2YZ	We performed a visual motor integration motor and/or nerve function assessment using other equipment.
F01Z77Z	We performed facial nerve function motor and/or nerve function assessment.
F01Z77Z	We performed facial nerve function motor and/or nerve function assessment using electrophysiologic.
F01Z9JZ	We performed a somatosensory evoked potentials motor and/or nerve function assessment.
F01Z9JZ	We performed a somatosensory evoked potentials motor and/or nerve function assessment using somatosensory.
F01ZBEZ	We performed a bed mobility motor and/or nerve function assessment.
F01ZBEZ	We performed a bed mobility motor and/or nerve function assessment using orthosis.
F01ZBFZ	We performed a bed mobility motor and/or nerve function assessment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F01ZBUZ	We performed a bed mobility motor and/or nerve function assessment using prosthesis.
F01ZCEZ	We performed a transfer motor and/or nerve function assessment.
F01ZCEZ	We performed a transfer motor and/or nerve function assessment using orthosis.
F01ZCFZ	We performed a transfer motor and/or nerve function assessment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F01ZCUZ	We performed a transfer motor and/or nerve function assessment using prosthesis.
F01ZDEZ	We performed a gait and/or balance motor and/or nerve function assessment.
F01ZDEZ	We performed a gait and/or balance motor and/or nerve function assessment using orthosis.
F01ZDFZ	We performed a gait and/or balance motor and/or nerve function assessment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F01ZDUZ	We performed a gait and/or balance motor and/or nerve function assessment using prosthesis.
F01ZDYZ	We performed a gait and/or balance motor and/or nerve function assessment using other equipment.
F01ZFEZ	We performed a wheelchair mobility motor and/or nerve function assessment.
F01ZFEZ	We performed a wheelchair mobility motor and/or nerve function assessment using orthosis.
F01ZFFZ	We performed a wheelchair mobility motor and/or nerve function assessment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F01ZFUZ	We performed a wheelchair mobility motor and/or nerve function assessment using prosthesis.
F02	We conducted an activities of daily living assessment.
F0209YZ	We performed a cranial nerve integrity activities of daily living assessment of the head and neck neurological system.
F0209YZ	We performed a cranial nerve integrity activities of daily living assessment of the head and neck neurological system using other equipment.
F020DYZ	We performed a neuromotor development activities of daily living assessment of the head and neck neurological system.
F020DYZ	We performed a neuromotor development activities of daily living assessment of the head and neck neurological system using other equipment.
F021DYZ	We performed a neuromotor development activities of daily living assessment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system.
F021DYZ	We performed a neuromotor development activities of daily living assessment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using other equipment.
F022DYZ	We performed a neuromotor development activities of daily living assessment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system.
F022DYZ	We performed a neuromotor development activities of daily living assessment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using other equipment.
F023DYZ	We performed a neuromotor development activities of daily living assessment of the whole body neurological system.
F023DYZ	We performed a neuromotor development activities of daily living assessment of the whole body neurological system using other equipment.
F024GCZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the head and neck circulatory system.
F024GCZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the head and neck circulatory system using mechanical.
F024GGZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the head and neck circulatory system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F024GYZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the head and neck circulatory system using other equipment.
F025GCZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the upper back / upper extremity circulatory system.
F025GCZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the upper back / upper extremity circulatory system using mechanical.
F025GGZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the upper back / upper extremity circulatory system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F025GYZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the upper back / upper extremity circulatory system using other equipment.
F026GCZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the lower back / lower extremity circulatory system.
F026GCZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the lower back / lower extremity circulatory system using mechanical.
F026GGZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the lower back / lower extremity circulatory system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F026GYZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the lower back / lower extremity circulatory system using other equipment.
F0277EZ	We performed an aerobic capacity and endurance activities of daily living assessment of the whole body circulatory system.
F0277EZ	We performed an aerobic capacity and endurance activities of daily living assessment of the whole body circulatory system using orthosis.
F0277GZ	We performed an aerobic capacity and endurance activities of daily living assessment of the whole body circulatory system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F0277UZ	We performed an aerobic capacity and endurance activities of daily living assessment of the whole body circulatory system using prosthesis.
F0277YZ	We performed an aerobic capacity and endurance activities of daily living assessment of the whole body circulatory system using other equipment.
F027GCZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the whole body circulatory system.
F027GCZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the whole body circulatory system using mechanical.
F027GGZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the whole body circulatory system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F027GYZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the whole body circulatory system using other equipment.
F028GCZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the head and neck respiratory system.
F028GCZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the head and neck respiratory system using mechanical.
F028GGZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the head and neck respiratory system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F028GYZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the head and neck respiratory system using other equipment.
F029GCZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the upper back / upper extremity respiratory system.
F029GCZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the upper back / upper extremity respiratory system using mechanical.
F029GGZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the upper back / upper extremity respiratory system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F029GYZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the upper back / upper extremity respiratory system using other equipment.
F02BGCZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the lower back / lower extremity respiratory system.
F02BGCZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the lower back / lower extremity respiratory system using mechanical.
F02BGGZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the lower back / lower extremity respiratory system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F02BGYZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the lower back / lower extremity respiratory system using other equipment.
F02C7EZ	We performed an aerobic capacity and endurance activities of daily living assessment of the whole body respiratory system.
F02C7EZ	We performed an aerobic capacity and endurance activities of daily living assessment of the whole body respiratory system using orthosis.
F02C7GZ	We performed an aerobic capacity and endurance activities of daily living assessment of the whole body respiratory system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F02C7UZ	We performed an aerobic capacity and endurance activities of daily living assessment of the whole body respiratory system using prosthesis.
F02C7YZ	We performed an aerobic capacity and endurance activities of daily living assessment of the whole body respiratory system using other equipment.
F02CGCZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the whole body respiratory system.
F02CGCZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the whole body respiratory system using mechanical.
F02CGGZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the whole body respiratory system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F02CGYZ	We performed a ventilation, respiration and circulation activities of daily living assessment of the whole body respiratory system using other equipment.
F02Z0EZ	We performed a bathing/showering activities of daily living assessment.
F02Z0EZ	We performed a bathing/showering activities of daily living assessment using orthosis.
F02Z0FZ	We performed a bathing/showering activities of daily living assessment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F02Z0UZ	We performed a bathing/showering activities of daily living assessment using prosthesis.
F02Z1EZ	We performed a dressing activities of daily living assessment.
F02Z1EZ	We performed a dressing activities of daily living assessment using orthosis.
F02Z1FZ	We performed a dressing activities of daily living assessment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F02Z1UZ	We performed a dressing activities of daily living assessment using prosthesis.
F02Z2YZ	We performed a feeding/eating activities of daily living assessment.
F02Z2YZ	We performed a feeding/eating activities of daily living assessment using other equipment.
F02Z3EZ	We performed a grooming/personal hygiene activities of daily living assessment.
F02Z3EZ	We performed a grooming/personal hygiene activities of daily living assessment using orthosis.
F02Z3FZ	We performed a grooming/personal hygiene activities of daily living assessment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F02Z3UZ	We performed a grooming/personal hygiene activities of daily living assessment using prosthesis.
F02Z4EZ	We performed home management activities of daily living assessment.
F02Z4EZ	We performed home management activities of daily living assessment using orthosis.
F02Z4FZ	We performed home management activities of daily living assessment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F02Z4UZ	We performed home management activities of daily living assessment using prosthesis.
F02Z5KZ	We performed a perceptual processing activities of daily living assessment.
F02Z5KZ	We performed a perceptual processing activities of daily living assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F02Z5MZ	We performed a perceptual processing activities of daily living assessment using augmentative / alternative communication.
F02Z5NZ	We performed a perceptual processing activities of daily living assessment using biosensory feedback.
F02Z5PZ	We performed a perceptual processing activities of daily living assessment using computer.
F02Z5QZ	We performed a perceptual processing activities of daily living assessment using speech analysis.
F02Z5SZ	We performed a perceptual processing activities of daily living assessment using voice analysis.
F02Z5YZ	We performed a perceptual processing activities of daily living assessment using other equipment.
F02Z6ZZ	We performed a psychosocial skills activities of daily living assessment.
F02Z8YZ	We performed an anthropometric characteristics activities of daily living assessment.
F02Z8YZ	We performed an anthropometric characteristics activities of daily living assessment using other equipment.
F02ZBEZ	We performed an environmental, home and work barriers activities of daily living assessment.
F02ZBEZ	We performed an environmental, home and work barriers activities of daily living assessment using orthosis.
F02ZBFZ	We performed an environmental, home and work barriers activities of daily living assessment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F02ZBUZ	We performed an environmental, home and work barriers activities of daily living assessment using prosthesis.
F02ZBYZ	We performed an environmental, home and work barriers activities of daily living assessment using other equipment.
F02ZCEZ	We performed an ergonomics and body mechanics activities of daily living assessment.
F02ZCEZ	We performed an ergonomics and body mechanics activities of daily living assessment using orthosis.
F02ZCFZ	We performed an ergonomics and body mechanics activities of daily living assessment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F02ZCUZ	We performed an ergonomics and body mechanics activities of daily living assessment using prosthesis.
F02ZCYZ	We performed an ergonomics and body mechanics activities of daily living assessment using other equipment.
F02ZFYZ	We performed a pain activities of daily living assessment.
F02ZFYZ	We performed a pain activities of daily living assessment using other equipment.
F02ZHEZ	We performed a vocational activities and functional community or work reintegration skills activities of daily living assessment.
F02ZHEZ	We performed a vocational activities and functional community or work reintegration skills activities of daily living assessment using orthosis.
F02ZHFZ	We performed a vocational activities and functional community or work reintegration skills activities of daily living assessment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F02ZHGZ	We performed a vocational activities and functional community or work reintegration skills activities of daily living assessment using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F02ZHUZ	We performed a vocational activities and functional community or work reintegration skills activities of daily living assessment using prosthesis.
F02ZHYZ	We performed a vocational activities and functional community or work reintegration skills activities of daily living assessment using other equipment.
F06	We conducted a speech treatment.
F0636KZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech treatment of the whole body neurological system.
F0636KZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech treatment of the whole body neurological system using audiovisual equipment.
F0636MZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech treatment of the whole body neurological system using augmentative / alternative communication.
F0636PZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech treatment of the whole body neurological system using computer.
F0636YZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech treatment of the whole body neurological system using other equipment.
F06Z0KZ	We performed a nonspoken language speech treatment.
F06Z0KZ	We performed a nonspoken language speech treatment using audiovisual equipment.
F06Z0MZ	We performed a nonspoken language speech treatment using augmentative / alternative communication.
F06Z0PZ	We performed a nonspoken language speech treatment using computer.
F06Z0YZ	We performed a nonspoken language speech treatment using other equipment.
F06Z1KZ	We performed speech-language pathology and related disorders counseling speech treatment.
F06Z1KZ	We performed speech-language pathology and related disorders counseling speech treatment using audiovisual equipment.
F06Z2KZ	We performed a speech-language pathology and related disorders prevention speech treatment.
F06Z2KZ	We performed a speech-language pathology and related disorders prevention speech treatment using audiovisual equipment.
F06Z3KZ	We performed an aphasia speech treatment.
F06Z3KZ	We performed an aphasia speech treatment using audiovisual equipment.
F06Z3MZ	We performed an aphasia speech treatment using augmentative / alternative communication.
F06Z3PZ	We performed an aphasia speech treatment using computer.
F06Z3YZ	We performed an aphasia speech treatment using other equipment.
F06Z4KZ	We performed an articulation/phonology speech treatment.
F06Z4KZ	We performed an articulation/phonology speech treatment using audiovisual equipment.
F06Z4PZ	We performed an articulation/phonology speech treatment using computer.
F06Z4QZ	We performed an articulation/phonology speech treatment using speech analysis.
F06Z4TZ	We performed an articulation/phonology speech treatment using aerodynamic function.
F06Z4YZ	We performed an articulation/phonology speech treatment using other equipment.
F06Z5KZ	We performed aural rehabilitation speech treatment.
F06Z5KZ	We performed aural rehabilitation speech treatment using audiovisual equipment.
F06Z5MZ	We performed aural rehabilitation speech treatment using augmentative / alternative communication.
F06Z5NZ	We performed aural rehabilitation speech treatment using biosensory feedback.
F06Z5PZ	We performed aural rehabilitation speech treatment using computer.
F06Z5QZ	We performed aural rehabilitation speech treatment using speech analysis.
F06Z5SZ	We performed aural rehabilitation speech treatment using voice analysis.
F06Z5YZ	We performed aural rehabilitation speech treatment using other equipment.
F06Z6KZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech treatment.
F06Z6KZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech treatment using audiovisual equipment.
F06Z6MZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech treatment using augmentative / alternative communication.
F06Z6PZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech treatment using computer.
F06Z6YZ	We performed a communicative/cognitive integration skills speech treatment using other equipment.
F06Z74Z	We performed a fluency speech treatment.
F06Z74Z	We performed a fluency speech treatment using electroacoustic immitance / acoustic reflex.
F06Z7KZ	We performed a fluency speech treatment using audiovisual equipment.
F06Z7NZ	We performed a fluency speech treatment using biosensory feedback.
F06Z7QZ	We performed a fluency speech treatment using speech analysis.
F06Z7SZ	We performed a fluency speech treatment using voice analysis.
F06Z7TZ	We performed a fluency speech treatment using aerodynamic function.
F06Z7YZ	We performed a fluency speech treatment using other equipment.
F06Z8KZ	We performed a motor speech speech treatment.
F06Z8KZ	We performed a motor speech speech treatment using audiovisual equipment.
F06Z8NZ	We performed a motor speech speech treatment using biosensory feedback.
F06Z8PZ	We performed a motor speech speech treatment using computer.
F06Z8QZ	We performed a motor speech speech treatment using speech analysis.
F06Z8SZ	We performed a motor speech speech treatment using voice analysis.
F06Z8TZ	We performed a motor speech speech treatment using aerodynamic function.
F06Z8YZ	We performed a motor speech speech treatment using other equipment.
F06Z9KZ	We performed an orofacial myofunctional speech treatment.
F06Z9KZ	We performed an orofacial myofunctional speech treatment using audiovisual equipment.
F06Z9PZ	We performed an orofacial myofunctional speech treatment using computer.
F06Z9YZ	We performed an orofacial myofunctional speech treatment using other equipment.
F06ZBKZ	We performed a receptive/expressive language speech treatment.
F06ZBKZ	We performed a receptive/expressive language speech treatment using audiovisual equipment.
F06ZBMZ	We performed a receptive/expressive language speech treatment using augmentative / alternative communication.
F06ZBPZ	We performed a receptive/expressive language speech treatment using computer.
F06ZBYZ	We performed a receptive/expressive language speech treatment using other equipment.
F06ZCKZ	We performed a voice speech treatment.
F06ZCKZ	We performed a voice speech treatment using audiovisual equipment.
F06ZCNZ	We performed a voice speech treatment using biosensory feedback.
F06ZCPZ	We performed a voice speech treatment using computer.
F06ZCSZ	We performed a voice speech treatment using voice analysis.
F06ZCTZ	We performed a voice speech treatment using aerodynamic function.
F06ZCVZ	We performed a voice speech treatment using speech prosthesis.
F06ZCYZ	We performed a voice speech treatment using other equipment.
F06ZDMZ	We performed a swallowing dysfunction speech treatment.
F06ZDMZ	We performed a swallowing dysfunction speech treatment using augmentative / alternative communication.
F06ZDTZ	We performed a swallowing dysfunction speech treatment using aerodynamic function.
F06ZDVZ	We performed a swallowing dysfunction speech treatment using speech prosthesis.
F06ZDYZ	We performed a swallowing dysfunction speech treatment using other equipment.
F07	We conducted a motor treatment.
F0700EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system.
F0700EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using orthosis.
F0700FZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0700UZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using prosthesis.
F0700YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using other equipment.
F0701EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system.
F0701EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using orthosis.
F0701FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0701UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using prosthesis.
F0701YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using other equipment.
F0702EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system.
F0702EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using orthosis.
F0702FZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0702UZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using prosthesis.
F0702YZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using other equipment.
F0703EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system.
F0703EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using orthosis.
F0703FZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0703UZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using prosthesis.
F0703YZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using other equipment.
F0706BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system.
F0706BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using physical agents.
F0706CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using mechanical.
F0706DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using electrotherapeutic.
F0706EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using orthosis.
F0706FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0706GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F0706HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F0706UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using prosthesis.
F0706YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system using other equipment.
F0707ZZ	We performed a manual therapy techniques motor treatment of the head and neck neurological system.
F0710EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system.
F0710EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using orthosis.
F0710FZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0710UZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using prosthesis.
F0710YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using other equipment.
F0711EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system.
F0711EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using orthosis.
F0711FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0711UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using prosthesis.
F0711YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using other equipment.
F0712EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system.
F0712EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using orthosis.
F0712FZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0712UZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using prosthesis.
F0712YZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using other equipment.
F0713EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system.
F0713EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using orthosis.
F0713FZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0713UZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using prosthesis.
F0713YZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using other equipment.
F0716BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system.
F0716BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using physical agents.
F0716CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using mechanical.
F0716DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using electrotherapeutic.
F0716EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using orthosis.
F0716FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0716GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F0716HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F0716UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using prosthesis.
F0716YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system using other equipment.
F0717ZZ	We performed a manual therapy techniques motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity neurological system.
F0720EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system.
F0720EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using orthosis.
F0720FZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0720UZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using prosthesis.
F0720YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using other equipment.
F0721EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system.
F0721EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using orthosis.
F0721FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0721UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using prosthesis.
F0721YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using other equipment.
F0722EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system.
F0722EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using orthosis.
F0722FZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0722UZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using prosthesis.
F0722YZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using other equipment.
F0723EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system.
F0723EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using orthosis.
F0723FZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0723UZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using prosthesis.
F0723YZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using other equipment.
F0726BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system.
F0726BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using physical agents.
F0726CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using mechanical.
F0726DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using electrotherapeutic.
F0726EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using orthosis.
F0726FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0726GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F0726HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F0726UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using prosthesis.
F0726YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system using other equipment.
F0727ZZ	We performed a manual therapy techniques motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity neurological system.
F0730EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the whole body neurological system.
F0730EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using orthosis.
F0730FZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0730UZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using prosthesis.
F0730YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using other equipment.
F0731EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the whole body neurological system.
F0731EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using orthosis.
F0731FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0731UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using prosthesis.
F0731YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using other equipment.
F0732EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the whole body neurological system.
F0732EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using orthosis.
F0732FZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0732UZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using prosthesis.
F0732YZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using other equipment.
F0733EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the whole body neurological system.
F0733EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using orthosis.
F0733FZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0733UZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using prosthesis.
F0733YZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using other equipment.
F0736BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body neurological system.
F0736BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using physical agents.
F0736CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using mechanical.
F0736DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using electrotherapeutic.
F0736EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using orthosis.
F0736FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0736GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F0736HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F0736UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using prosthesis.
F0736YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body neurological system using other equipment.
F0737ZZ	We performed a manual therapy techniques motor treatment of the whole body neurological system.
F0746BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck circulatory system.
F0746BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck circulatory system using physical agents.
F0746CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck circulatory system using mechanical.
F0746DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck circulatory system using electrotherapeutic.
F0746EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck circulatory system using orthosis.
F0746FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck circulatory system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0746GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck circulatory system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F0746HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck circulatory system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F0746UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck circulatory system using prosthesis.
F0746YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck circulatory system using other equipment.
F0756BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity circulatory system.
F0756BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity circulatory system using physical agents.
F0756CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity circulatory system using mechanical.
F0756DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity circulatory system using electrotherapeutic.
F0756EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity circulatory system using orthosis.
F0756FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity circulatory system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0756GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity circulatory system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F0756HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity circulatory system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F0756UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity circulatory system using prosthesis.
F0756YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity circulatory system using other equipment.
F0766BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity circulatory system.
F0766BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity circulatory system using physical agents.
F0766CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity circulatory system using mechanical.
F0766DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity circulatory system using electrotherapeutic.
F0766EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity circulatory system using orthosis.
F0766FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity circulatory system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0766GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity circulatory system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F0766HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity circulatory system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F0766UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity circulatory system using prosthesis.
F0766YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity circulatory system using other equipment.
F0776BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body circulatory system.
F0776BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body circulatory system using physical agents.
F0776CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body circulatory system using mechanical.
F0776DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body circulatory system using electrotherapeutic.
F0776EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body circulatory system using orthosis.
F0776FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body circulatory system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0776GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body circulatory system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F0776HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body circulatory system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F0776UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body circulatory system using prosthesis.
F0776YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body circulatory system using other equipment.
F0786BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck respiratory system.
F0786BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck respiratory system using physical agents.
F0786CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck respiratory system using mechanical.
F0786DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck respiratory system using electrotherapeutic.
F0786EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck respiratory system using orthosis.
F0786FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck respiratory system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0786GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck respiratory system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F0786HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck respiratory system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F0786UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck respiratory system using prosthesis.
F0786YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck respiratory system using other equipment.
F0796BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity respiratory system.
F0796BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity respiratory system using physical agents.
F0796CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity respiratory system using mechanical.
F0796DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity respiratory system using electrotherapeutic.
F0796EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity respiratory system using orthosis.
F0796FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity respiratory system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0796GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity respiratory system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F0796HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity respiratory system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F0796UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity respiratory system using prosthesis.
F0796YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity respiratory system using other equipment.
F07B6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity respiratory system.
F07B6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity respiratory system using physical agents.
F07B6CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity respiratory system using mechanical.
F07B6DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity respiratory system using electrotherapeutic.
F07B6EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity respiratory system using orthosis.
F07B6FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity respiratory system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07B6GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity respiratory system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F07B6HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity respiratory system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F07B6UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity respiratory system using prosthesis.
F07B6YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity respiratory system using other equipment.
F07C6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body respiratory system.
F07C6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body respiratory system using physical agents.
F07C6CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body respiratory system using mechanical.
F07C6DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body respiratory system using electrotherapeutic.
F07C6EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body respiratory system using orthosis.
F07C6FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body respiratory system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07C6GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body respiratory system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F07C6HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body respiratory system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F07C6UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body respiratory system using prosthesis.
F07C6YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body respiratory system using other equipment.
F07D0EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system.
F07D0EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using orthosis.
F07D0FZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07D0UZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07D0YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using other equipment.
F07D1EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system.
F07D1EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using orthosis.
F07D1FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07D1UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07D1YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using other equipment.
F07D2EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system.
F07D2EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using orthosis.
F07D2FZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07D2UZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07D2YZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using other equipment.
F07D3EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system.
F07D3EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using orthosis.
F07D3FZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07D3UZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07D3YZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using other equipment.
F07D6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system.
F07D6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using physical agents.
F07D6CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using mechanical.
F07D6DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using electrotherapeutic.
F07D6EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using orthosis.
F07D6FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07D6GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F07D6HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F07D6UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07D6YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using other equipment.
F07D7ZZ	We performed a manual therapy techniques motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system.
F07DYD0	We performed an other therapy techniques motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system.
F07DYD0	We performed an other therapy techniques motor treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using electrotherapeutic.
F07EYD0	We performed an other therapy techniques motor treatment of the thorax / abdomen integumentary system.
F07EYD0	We performed an other therapy techniques motor treatment of the thorax / abdomen integumentary system using electrotherapeutic.
F07F0EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system.
F07F0EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using orthosis.
F07F0FZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07F0UZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07F0YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using other equipment.
F07F1EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system.
F07F1EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using orthosis.
F07F1FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07F1UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07F1YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using other equipment.
F07F2EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system.
F07F2EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using orthosis.
F07F2FZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07F2UZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07F2YZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using other equipment.
F07F3EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system.
F07F3EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using orthosis.
F07F3FZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07F3UZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07F3YZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using other equipment.
F07F6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system.
F07F6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using physical agents.
F07F6CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using mechanical.
F07F6DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using electrotherapeutic.
F07F6EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using orthosis.
F07F6FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07F6GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F07F6HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F07F6UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07F6YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using other equipment.
F07F7ZZ	We performed a manual therapy techniques motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system.
F07FYD0	We performed an other therapy techniques motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system.
F07FYD0	We performed an other therapy techniques motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using electrotherapeutic.
F07G0EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system.
F07G0EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using orthosis.
F07G0FZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07G0UZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07G0YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using other equipment.
F07G1EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system.
F07G1EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using orthosis.
F07G1FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07G1UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07G1YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using other equipment.
F07G2EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system.
F07G2EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using orthosis.
F07G2FZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07G2UZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07G2YZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using other equipment.
F07G3EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system.
F07G3EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using orthosis.
F07G3FZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07G3UZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07G3YZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using other equipment.
F07G6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system.
F07G6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using physical agents.
F07G6CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using mechanical.
F07G6DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using electrotherapeutic.
F07G6EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using orthosis.
F07G6FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07G6GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F07G6HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F07G6UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07G6YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using other equipment.
F07G7ZZ	We performed a manual therapy techniques motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system.
F07GYD0	We performed an other therapy techniques motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system.
F07GYD0	We performed an other therapy techniques motor treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using electrotherapeutic.
F07H0EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system.
F07H0EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using orthosis.
F07H0FZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07H0UZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07H0YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using other equipment.
F07H1EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system.
F07H1EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using orthosis.
F07H1FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07H1UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07H1YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using other equipment.
F07H2EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system.
F07H2EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using orthosis.
F07H2FZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07H2UZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07H2YZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using other equipment.
F07H3EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system.
F07H3EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using orthosis.
F07H3FZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07H3UZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07H3YZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using other equipment.
F07H6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system.
F07H6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using physical agents.
F07H6CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using mechanical.
F07H6DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using electrotherapeutic.
F07H6EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using orthosis.
F07H6FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07H6GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F07H6HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F07H6UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using prosthesis.
F07H6YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using other equipment.
F07H7ZZ	We performed a manual therapy techniques motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system.
F07HYD0	We performed an other therapy techniques motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system.
F07HYD0	We performed an other therapy techniques motor treatment of the whole body integumentary system using electrotherapeutic.
F07J0EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system.
F07J0EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F07J0FZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07J0UZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F07J0YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F07J1EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system.
F07J1EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F07J1FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07J1UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F07J1YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F07J2EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system.
F07J2EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F07J2FZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07J2UZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F07J2YZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F07J3EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system.
F07J3EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F07J3FZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07J3UZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F07J3YZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F07J6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system.
F07J6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using physical agents.
F07J6CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using mechanical.
F07J6DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using electrotherapeutic.
F07J6EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F07J6FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07J6GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F07J6HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F07J6UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F07J6YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F07J7ZZ	We performed a manual therapy techniques motor treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system.
F07K0EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system.
F07K0EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F07K0FZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07K0UZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F07K0YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F07K1EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system.
F07K1EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F07K1FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07K1UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F07K1YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F07K2EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system.
F07K2EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F07K2FZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07K2UZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F07K2YZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F07K3EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system.
F07K3EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F07K3FZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07K3UZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F07K3YZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F07K6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system.
F07K6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using physical agents.
F07K6CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using mechanical.
F07K6DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using electrotherapeutic.
F07K6EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F07K6FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07K6GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F07K6HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F07K6UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F07K6YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F07K7ZZ	We performed a manual therapy techniques motor treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system.
F07M0EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system.
F07M0EZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F07M0FZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07M0UZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F07M0YZ	We performed a range of motion and joint mobility motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F07M1EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system.
F07M1EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F07M1FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07M1UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F07M1YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F07M2EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system.
F07M2EZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F07M2FZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07M2UZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F07M2YZ	We performed a coordination/dexterity motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F07M3EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system.
F07M3EZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F07M3FZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07M3UZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F07M3YZ	We performed motor function motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F07M6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system.
F07M6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using physical agents.
F07M6CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using mechanical.
F07M6DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using electrotherapeutic.
F07M6EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F07M6FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07M6GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F07M6HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F07M6UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F07M6YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F07M7ZZ	We performed a manual therapy techniques motor treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system.
F07N1EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the genitourinary system.
F07N1EZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the genitourinary system using orthosis.
F07N1FZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the genitourinary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07N1UZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the genitourinary system using prosthesis.
F07N1YZ	We performed a muscle performance motor treatment of the genitourinary system using other equipment.
F07N6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the genitourinary system.
F07N6BZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the genitourinary system using physical agents.
F07N6CZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the genitourinary system using mechanical.
F07N6DZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the genitourinary system using electrotherapeutic.
F07N6EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the genitourinary system using orthosis.
F07N6FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the genitourinary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07N6GZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the genitourinary system using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F07N6HZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the genitourinary system using mechanical or electromechanical.
F07N6UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the genitourinary system using prosthesis.
F07N6YZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise motor treatment of the genitourinary system using other equipment.
F07Z4DZ	We performed a wheelchair mobility motor treatment.
F07Z4DZ	We performed a wheelchair mobility motor treatment using electrotherapeutic.
F07Z4EZ	We performed a wheelchair mobility motor treatment using orthosis.
F07Z4FZ	We performed a wheelchair mobility motor treatment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07Z4UZ	We performed a wheelchair mobility motor treatment using prosthesis.
F07Z4YZ	We performed a wheelchair mobility motor treatment using other equipment.
F07Z5CZ	We performed a bed mobility motor treatment.
F07Z5CZ	We performed a bed mobility motor treatment using mechanical.
F07Z5EZ	We performed a bed mobility motor treatment using orthosis.
F07Z5FZ	We performed a bed mobility motor treatment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07Z5UZ	We performed a bed mobility motor treatment using prosthesis.
F07Z5YZ	We performed a bed mobility motor treatment using other equipment.
F07Z8CZ	We performed a transfer training motor treatment.
F07Z8CZ	We performed a transfer training motor treatment using mechanical.
F07Z8DZ	We performed a transfer training motor treatment using electrotherapeutic.
F07Z8EZ	We performed a transfer training motor treatment using orthosis.
F07Z8FZ	We performed a transfer training motor treatment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07Z8UZ	We performed a transfer training motor treatment using prosthesis.
F07Z8YZ	We performed a transfer training motor treatment using other equipment.
F07Z9CZ	We performed a gait training/functional ambulation motor treatment.
F07Z9CZ	We performed a gait training/functional ambulation motor treatment using mechanical.
F07Z9DZ	We performed a gait training/functional ambulation motor treatment using electrotherapeutic.
F07Z9EZ	We performed a gait training/functional ambulation motor treatment using orthosis.
F07Z9FZ	We performed a gait training/functional ambulation motor treatment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F07Z9GZ	We performed a gait training/functional ambulation motor treatment using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F07Z9UZ	We performed a gait training/functional ambulation motor treatment using prosthesis.
F07Z9YZ	We performed a gait training/functional ambulation motor treatment using other equipment.
F08	We conducted an activities of daily living treatment.
F08D5AZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the head and neck integumentary system.
F08D5AZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using negative pressure therapy.
F08D5BZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using physical agents.
F08D5CZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using mechanical.
F08D5DZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using electrotherapeutic.
F08D5EZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using orthosis.
F08D5FZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F08D5UZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using prosthesis.
F08D5YZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the head and neck integumentary system using other equipment.
F08E5AZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the thorax / abdomen integumentary system.
F08E5AZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the thorax / abdomen integumentary system using negative pressure therapy.
F08E5BZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the thorax / abdomen integumentary system using physical agents.
F08E5CZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the thorax / abdomen integumentary system using mechanical.
F08E5DZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the thorax / abdomen integumentary system using electrotherapeutic.
F08E5EZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the thorax / abdomen integumentary system using orthosis.
F08E5FZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the thorax / abdomen integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F08E5UZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the thorax / abdomen integumentary system using prosthesis.
F08E5YZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the thorax / abdomen integumentary system using other equipment.
F08F5AZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system.
F08F5AZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using negative pressure therapy.
F08F5BZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using physical agents.
F08F5CZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using mechanical.
F08F5DZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using electrotherapeutic.
F08F5EZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using orthosis.
F08F5FZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F08F5UZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using prosthesis.
F08F5YZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the upper back / upper extremity integumentary system using other equipment.
F08G5AZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system.
F08G5AZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using negative pressure therapy.
F08G5BZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using physical agents.
F08G5CZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using mechanical.
F08G5DZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using electrotherapeutic.
F08G5EZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using orthosis.
F08G5FZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F08G5UZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using prosthesis.
F08G5YZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the lower back / lower extremity integumentary system using other equipment.
F08H5AZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the whole body integumentary system.
F08H5AZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the whole body integumentary system using negative pressure therapy.
F08H5BZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the whole body integumentary system using physical agents.
F08H5CZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the whole body integumentary system using mechanical.
F08H5DZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the whole body integumentary system using electrotherapeutic.
F08H5EZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the whole body integumentary system using orthosis.
F08H5FZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the whole body integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F08H5UZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the whole body integumentary system using prosthesis.
F08H5YZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the whole body integumentary system using other equipment.
F08J5AZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system.
F08J5AZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using negative pressure therapy.
F08J5BZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using physical agents.
F08J5CZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using mechanical.
F08J5DZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using electrotherapeutic.
F08J5EZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F08J5FZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F08J5UZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F08J5YZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the head and neck musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F08K5AZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system.
F08K5AZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using negative pressure therapy.
F08K5BZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using physical agents.
F08K5CZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using mechanical.
F08K5DZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using electrotherapeutic.
F08K5EZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F08K5FZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F08K5UZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F08K5YZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the upper back / upper extremity musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F08M5AZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system.
F08M5AZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using negative pressure therapy.
F08M5BZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using physical agents.
F08M5CZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using mechanical.
F08M5DZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using electrotherapeutic.
F08M5EZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F08M5FZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F08M5UZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F08M5YZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F08P5AZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the thorax / abdomen musculoskeletal system.
F08P5AZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the thorax / abdomen musculoskeletal system using negative pressure therapy.
F08P5BZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the thorax / abdomen musculoskeletal system using physical agents.
F08P5CZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the thorax / abdomen musculoskeletal system using mechanical.
F08P5DZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the thorax / abdomen musculoskeletal system using electrotherapeutic.
F08P5EZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the thorax / abdomen musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F08P5FZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the thorax / abdomen musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F08P5UZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the thorax / abdomen musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F08P5YZ	We performed wound management activities of daily living treatment of the thorax / abdomen musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F08Z0EZ	We performed a bathing/showering techniques activities of daily living treatment.
F08Z0EZ	We performed a bathing/showering techniques activities of daily living treatment using orthosis.
F08Z0FZ	We performed a bathing/showering techniques activities of daily living treatment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F08Z0UZ	We performed a bathing/showering techniques activities of daily living treatment using prosthesis.
F08Z0YZ	We performed a bathing/showering techniques activities of daily living treatment using other equipment.
F08Z1EZ	We performed a dressing techniques activities of daily living treatment.
F08Z1EZ	We performed a dressing techniques activities of daily living treatment using orthosis.
F08Z1FZ	We performed a dressing techniques activities of daily living treatment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F08Z1UZ	We performed a dressing techniques activities of daily living treatment using prosthesis.
F08Z1YZ	We performed a dressing techniques activities of daily living treatment using other equipment.
F08Z2EZ	We performed a grooming/personal hygiene activities of daily living treatment.
F08Z2EZ	We performed a grooming/personal hygiene activities of daily living treatment using orthosis.
F08Z2FZ	We performed a grooming/personal hygiene activities of daily living treatment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F08Z2UZ	We performed a grooming/personal hygiene activities of daily living treatment using prosthesis.
F08Z2YZ	We performed a grooming/personal hygiene activities of daily living treatment using other equipment.
F08Z3CZ	We performed a feeding/eating activities of daily living treatment.
F08Z3CZ	We performed a feeding/eating activities of daily living treatment using mechanical.
F08Z3DZ	We performed a feeding/eating activities of daily living treatment using electrotherapeutic.
F08Z3EZ	We performed a feeding/eating activities of daily living treatment using orthosis.
F08Z3FZ	We performed a feeding/eating activities of daily living treatment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F08Z3UZ	We performed a feeding/eating activities of daily living treatment using prosthesis.
F08Z3YZ	We performed a feeding/eating activities of daily living treatment using other equipment.
F08Z4DZ	We performed home management activities of daily living treatment.
F08Z4DZ	We performed home management activities of daily living treatment using electrotherapeutic.
F08Z4EZ	We performed home management activities of daily living treatment using orthosis.
F08Z4FZ	We performed home management activities of daily living treatment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F08Z4UZ	We performed home management activities of daily living treatment using prosthesis.
F08Z4YZ	We performed home management activities of daily living treatment using other equipment.
F08Z6ZZ	We performed a psychosocial skills activities of daily living treatment.
F08Z7BZ	We performed a vocational activities and functional community or work reintegration skills activities of daily living treatment.
F08Z7BZ	We performed a vocational activities and functional community or work reintegration skills activities of daily living treatment using physical agents.
F08Z7CZ	We performed a vocational activities and functional community or work reintegration skills activities of daily living treatment using mechanical.
F08Z7DZ	We performed a vocational activities and functional community or work reintegration skills activities of daily living treatment using electrotherapeutic.
F08Z7EZ	We performed a vocational activities and functional community or work reintegration skills activities of daily living treatment using orthosis.
F08Z7FZ	We performed a vocational activities and functional community or work reintegration skills activities of daily living treatment using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F08Z7GZ	We performed a vocational activities and functional community or work reintegration skills activities of daily living treatment using aerobic endurance and conditioning.
F08Z7UZ	We performed a vocational activities and functional community or work reintegration skills activities of daily living treatment using prosthesis.
F08Z7YZ	We performed a vocational activities and functional community or work reintegration skills activities of daily living treatment using other equipment.
F09	We conducted a hearing treatment.
F09Z0KZ	We performed hearing and related disorders counseling hearing treatment.
F09Z0KZ	We performed hearing and related disorders counseling hearing treatment using audiovisual equipment.
F09Z1KZ	We performed a hearing and related disorders prevention hearing treatment.
F09Z1KZ	We performed a hearing and related disorders prevention hearing treatment using audiovisual equipment.
F09Z2KZ	We performed an auditory processing hearing treatment.
F09Z2KZ	We performed an auditory processing hearing treatment using audiovisual equipment.
F09Z2PZ	We performed an auditory processing hearing treatment using computer.
F09Z2YZ	We performed an auditory processing hearing treatment using other equipment.
F09Z3XZ	We performed cerumen management hearing treatment.
F09Z3XZ	We performed cerumen management hearing treatment using cerumen management.
F0B	We conducted a cochlear implant treatment.
F0BZ01Z	We performed cochlear implant rehabilitation cochlear implant treatment.
F0BZ01Z	We performed cochlear implant rehabilitation cochlear implant treatment using audiometer.
F0BZ02Z	We performed cochlear implant rehabilitation cochlear implant treatment using sound field / booth.
F0BZ09Z	We performed cochlear implant rehabilitation cochlear implant treatment using cochlear implant.
F0BZ0KZ	We performed cochlear implant rehabilitation cochlear implant treatment using audiovisual equipment.
F0BZ0PZ	We performed cochlear implant rehabilitation cochlear implant treatment using computer.
F0BZ0YZ	We performed cochlear implant rehabilitation cochlear implant treatment using other equipment.
F0C	We conducted a vestibular treatment.
F0C33EZ	We performed a postural control vestibular treatment of the whole body neurological system.
F0C33EZ	We performed a postural control vestibular treatment of the whole body neurological system using orthosis.
F0C33FZ	We performed a postural control vestibular treatment of the whole body neurological system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0C33UZ	We performed a postural control vestibular treatment of the whole body neurological system using prosthesis.
F0C33YZ	We performed a postural control vestibular treatment of the whole body neurological system using other equipment.
F0CH3EZ	We performed a postural control vestibular treatment of the whole body integumentary system.
F0CH3EZ	We performed a postural control vestibular treatment of the whole body integumentary system using orthosis.
F0CH3FZ	We performed a postural control vestibular treatment of the whole body integumentary system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0CH3UZ	We performed a postural control vestibular treatment of the whole body integumentary system using prosthesis.
F0CH3YZ	We performed a postural control vestibular treatment of the whole body integumentary system using other equipment.
F0CM3EZ	We performed a postural control vestibular treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system.
F0CM3EZ	We performed a postural control vestibular treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using orthosis.
F0CM3FZ	We performed a postural control vestibular treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0CM3UZ	We performed a postural control vestibular treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using prosthesis.
F0CM3YZ	We performed a postural control vestibular treatment of the whole body musculoskeletal system using other equipment.
F0CZ08Z	We performed a vestibular vestibular treatment.
F0CZ08Z	We performed a vestibular vestibular treatment using vestibular / balance.
F0CZ1KZ	We performed a perceptual processing vestibular treatment.
F0CZ1KZ	We performed a perceptual processing vestibular treatment using audiovisual equipment.
F0CZ1NZ	We performed a perceptual processing vestibular treatment using biosensory feedback.
F0CZ1PZ	We performed a perceptual processing vestibular treatment using computer.
F0CZ1QZ	We performed a perceptual processing vestibular treatment using speech analysis.
F0CZ1SZ	We performed a perceptual processing vestibular treatment using voice analysis.
F0CZ1TZ	We performed a perceptual processing vestibular treatment using aerodynamic function.
F0CZ1YZ	We performed a perceptual processing vestibular treatment using other equipment.
F0CZ2KZ	We performed a visual motor integration vestibular treatment.
F0CZ2KZ	We performed a visual motor integration vestibular treatment using audiovisual equipment.
F0CZ2NZ	We performed a visual motor integration vestibular treatment using biosensory feedback.
F0CZ2PZ	We performed a visual motor integration vestibular treatment using computer.
F0CZ2QZ	We performed a visual motor integration vestibular treatment using speech analysis.
F0CZ2SZ	We performed a visual motor integration vestibular treatment using voice analysis.
F0CZ2TZ	We performed a visual motor integration vestibular treatment using aerodynamic function.
F0CZ2YZ	We performed a visual motor integration vestibular treatment using other equipment.
F0D	We conducted a device fitting.
F0DZ05Z	We performed a tinnitus masker device fitting.
F0DZ05Z	We performed a tinnitus masker device fitting using hearing aid selection / fitting / test.
F0DZ11Z	We performed a monaural hearing aid device fitting.
F0DZ11Z	We performed a monaural hearing aid device fitting using audiometer.
F0DZ12Z	We performed a monaural hearing aid device fitting using sound field / booth.
F0DZ15Z	We performed a monaural hearing aid device fitting using hearing aid selection / fitting / test.
F0DZ1KZ	We performed a monaural hearing aid device fitting using audiovisual equipment.
F0DZ21Z	We performed a binaural hearing aid device fitting.
F0DZ21Z	We performed a binaural hearing aid device fitting using audiometer.
F0DZ22Z	We performed a binaural hearing aid device fitting using sound field / booth.
F0DZ25Z	We performed a binaural hearing aid device fitting using hearing aid selection / fitting / test.
F0DZ2KZ	We performed a binaural hearing aid device fitting using audiovisual equipment.
F0DZ3MZ	We performed an augmentative/alternative communication system device fitting.
F0DZ3MZ	We performed an augmentative/alternative communication system device fitting using augmentative / alternative communication.
F0DZ4SZ	We performed a voice prosthetic device fitting.
F0DZ4SZ	We performed a voice prosthetic device fitting using voice analysis.
F0DZ4VZ	We performed a voice prosthetic device fitting using speech prosthesis.
F0DZ51Z	We performed an assistive listening device device fitting.
F0DZ51Z	We performed an assistive listening device device fitting using audiometer.
F0DZ52Z	We performed an assistive listening device device fitting using sound field / booth.
F0DZ55Z	We performed an assistive listening device device fitting using hearing aid selection / fitting / test.
F0DZ5KZ	We performed an assistive listening device device fitting using audiovisual equipment.
F0DZ6EZ	We performed a dynamic orthosis device fitting.
F0DZ6EZ	We performed a dynamic orthosis device fitting using orthosis.
F0DZ6FZ	We performed a dynamic orthosis device fitting using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0DZ6UZ	We performed a dynamic orthosis device fitting using prosthesis.
F0DZ7EZ	We performed a static orthosis device fitting.
F0DZ7EZ	We performed a static orthosis device fitting using orthosis.
F0DZ7FZ	We performed a static orthosis device fitting using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0DZ7UZ	We performed a static orthosis device fitting using prosthesis.
F0DZ8EZ	We performed a prosthesis device fitting.
F0DZ8EZ	We performed a prosthesis device fitting using orthosis.
F0DZ8FZ	We performed a prosthesis device fitting using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0DZ8UZ	We performed a prosthesis device fitting using prosthesis.
F0DZ9EZ	We performed an assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective devices device fitting.
F0DZ9EZ	We performed an assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective devices device fitting using orthosis.
F0DZ9FZ	We performed an assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective devices device fitting using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0DZ9UZ	We performed an assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective devices device fitting using prosthesis.
F0F	We conducted a caregiver training.
F0FZ0EZ	We performed a bathing/showering technique caregiver training.
F0FZ0EZ	We performed a bathing/showering technique caregiver training using orthosis.
F0FZ0FZ	We performed a bathing/showering technique caregiver training using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0FZ0UZ	We performed a bathing/showering technique caregiver training using prosthesis.
F0FZ1EZ	We performed a dressing caregiver training.
F0FZ1EZ	We performed a dressing caregiver training using orthosis.
F0FZ1FZ	We performed a dressing caregiver training using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0FZ1UZ	We performed a dressing caregiver training using prosthesis.
F0FZ2EZ	We performed a feeding and eating caregiver training.
F0FZ2EZ	We performed a feeding and eating caregiver training using orthosis.
F0FZ2FZ	We performed a feeding and eating caregiver training using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0FZ2UZ	We performed a feeding and eating caregiver training using prosthesis.
F0FZ3EZ	We performed a grooming/personal hygiene caregiver training.
F0FZ3EZ	We performed a grooming/personal hygiene caregiver training using orthosis.
F0FZ3FZ	We performed a grooming/personal hygiene caregiver training using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0FZ3UZ	We performed a grooming/personal hygiene caregiver training using prosthesis.
F0FZ4EZ	We performed a bed mobility caregiver training.
F0FZ4EZ	We performed a bed mobility caregiver training using orthosis.
F0FZ4FZ	We performed a bed mobility caregiver training using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0FZ4UZ	We performed a bed mobility caregiver training using prosthesis.
F0FZ5EZ	We performed a transfer caregiver training.
F0FZ5EZ	We performed a transfer caregiver training using orthosis.
F0FZ5FZ	We performed a transfer caregiver training using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0FZ5UZ	We performed a transfer caregiver training using prosthesis.
F0FZ6EZ	We performed a wheelchair mobility caregiver training.
F0FZ6EZ	We performed a wheelchair mobility caregiver training using orthosis.
F0FZ6FZ	We performed a wheelchair mobility caregiver training using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0FZ6UZ	We performed a wheelchair mobility caregiver training using prosthesis.
F0FZ7EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise caregiver training.
F0FZ7EZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise caregiver training using orthosis.
F0FZ7FZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise caregiver training using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0FZ7UZ	We performed a therapeutic exercise caregiver training using prosthesis.
F0FZ8EZ	We performed an airway clearance techniques caregiver training.
F0FZ8EZ	We performed an airway clearance techniques caregiver training using orthosis.
F0FZ8FZ	We performed an airway clearance techniques caregiver training using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0FZ8UZ	We performed an airway clearance techniques caregiver training using prosthesis.
F0FZ9EZ	We performed wound management caregiver training.
F0FZ9EZ	We performed wound management caregiver training using orthosis.
F0FZ9FZ	We performed wound management caregiver training using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0FZ9UZ	We performed wound management caregiver training using prosthesis.
F0FZBEZ	We performed a vocational activities and functional community or work reintegration skills caregiver training.
F0FZBEZ	We performed a vocational activities and functional community or work reintegration skills caregiver training using orthosis.
F0FZBFZ	We performed a vocational activities and functional community or work reintegration skills caregiver training using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0FZBUZ	We performed a vocational activities and functional community or work reintegration skills caregiver training using prosthesis.
F0FZCEZ	We performed a gait training/functional ambulation caregiver training.
F0FZCEZ	We performed a gait training/functional ambulation caregiver training using orthosis.
F0FZCFZ	We performed a gait training/functional ambulation caregiver training using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0FZCUZ	We performed a gait training/functional ambulation caregiver training using prosthesis.
F0FZDEZ	We performed an application, proper use and care of devices caregiver training.
F0FZDEZ	We performed an application, proper use and care of devices caregiver training using orthosis.
F0FZDFZ	We performed an application, proper use and care of devices caregiver training using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0FZDUZ	We performed an application, proper use and care of devices caregiver training using prosthesis.
F0FZFEZ	We performed an application, proper use and care of orthoses caregiver training.
F0FZFEZ	We performed an application, proper use and care of orthoses caregiver training using orthosis.
F0FZFFZ	We performed an application, proper use and care of orthoses caregiver training using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0FZFUZ	We performed an application, proper use and care of orthoses caregiver training using prosthesis.
F0FZGEZ	We performed an application, proper use and care of prosthesis caregiver training.
F0FZGEZ	We performed an application, proper use and care of prosthesis caregiver training using orthosis.
F0FZGFZ	We performed an application, proper use and care of prosthesis caregiver training using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0FZGUZ	We performed an application, proper use and care of prosthesis caregiver training using prosthesis.
F0FZHEZ	We performed home management caregiver training.
F0FZHEZ	We performed home management caregiver training using orthosis.
F0FZHFZ	We performed home management caregiver training using assistive, adaptive, supportive or protective equipment.
F0FZHUZ	We performed home management caregiver training using prosthesis.
F0FZJKZ	We performed a communication skills caregiver training.
F0FZJKZ	We performed a communication skills caregiver training using audiovisual equipment.
F0FZJMZ	We performed a communication skills caregiver training using augmentative / alternative communication.
F0FZJPZ	We performed a communication skills caregiver training using computer.
F13	We conducted a hearing assessment.
F13Z00Z	We performed hearing screening hearing assessment.
F13Z00Z	We performed hearing screening hearing assessment using occupational hearing.
F13Z01Z	We performed hearing screening hearing assessment using audiometer.
F13Z02Z	We performed hearing screening hearing assessment using sound field / booth.
F13Z03Z	We performed hearing screening hearing assessment using tympanometer.
F13Z08Z	We performed hearing screening hearing assessment using vestibular / balance.
F13Z09Z	We performed hearing screening hearing assessment using cochlear implant.
F13Z10Z	We performed a pure tone audiometry, air hearing assessment.
F13Z10Z	We performed a pure tone audiometry, air hearing assessment using occupational hearing.
F13Z11Z	We performed a pure tone audiometry, air hearing assessment using audiometer.
F13Z12Z	We performed a pure tone audiometry, air hearing assessment using sound field / booth.
F13Z20Z	We performed pure tone audiometry, air and bone hearing assessment.
F13Z20Z	We performed pure tone audiometry, air and bone hearing assessment using occupational hearing.
F13Z21Z	We performed pure tone audiometry, air and bone hearing assessment using audiometer.
F13Z22Z	We performed pure tone audiometry, air and bone hearing assessment using sound field / booth.
F13Z31Z	We performed a bekesy audiometry hearing assessment.
F13Z31Z	We performed a bekesy audiometry hearing assessment using audiometer.
F13Z32Z	We performed a bekesy audiometry hearing assessment using sound field / booth.
F13Z41Z	We performed a conditioned play audiometry hearing assessment.
F13Z41Z	We performed a conditioned play audiometry hearing assessment using audiometer.
F13Z42Z	We performed a conditioned play audiometry hearing assessment using sound field / booth.
F13Z4KZ	We performed a conditioned play audiometry hearing assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F13Z51Z	We performed a select picture audiometry hearing assessment.
F13Z51Z	We performed a select picture audiometry hearing assessment using audiometer.
F13Z52Z	We performed a select picture audiometry hearing assessment using sound field / booth.
F13Z5KZ	We performed a select picture audiometry hearing assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F13Z61Z	We performed a visual reinforcement audiometry hearing assessment.
F13Z61Z	We performed a visual reinforcement audiometry hearing assessment using audiometer.
F13Z62Z	We performed a visual reinforcement audiometry hearing assessment using sound field / booth.
F13Z71Z	We performed an alternate binaural or monaural loudness balance hearing assessment.
F13Z71Z	We performed an alternate binaural or monaural loudness balance hearing assessment using audiometer.
F13Z7KZ	We performed an alternate binaural or monaural loudness balance hearing assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F13Z83Z	We performed a tone decay hearing assessment.
F13Z83Z	We performed a tone decay hearing assessment using tympanometer.
F13Z84Z	We performed a tone decay hearing assessment using electroacoustic immitance / acoustic reflex.
F13Z91Z	We performed a short increment sensitivity index hearing assessment.
F13Z91Z	We performed a short increment sensitivity index hearing assessment using audiometer.
F13Z92Z	We performed a short increment sensitivity index hearing assessment using sound field / booth.
F13ZB1Z	We performed a stenger hearing assessment.
F13ZB1Z	We performed a stenger hearing assessment using audiometer.
F13ZB2Z	We performed a stenger hearing assessment using sound field / booth.
F13ZC1Z	We performed a pure tone stenger hearing assessment.
F13ZC1Z	We performed a pure tone stenger hearing assessment using audiometer.
F13ZC2Z	We performed a pure tone stenger hearing assessment using sound field / booth.
F13ZD3Z	We performed a tympanometry hearing assessment.
F13ZD3Z	We performed a tympanometry hearing assessment using tympanometer.
F13ZD4Z	We performed a tympanometry hearing assessment using electroacoustic immitance / acoustic reflex.
F13ZF3Z	We performed eustachian tube function hearing assessment.
F13ZF3Z	We performed eustachian tube function hearing assessment using tympanometer.
F13ZF4Z	We performed eustachian tube function hearing assessment using electroacoustic immitance / acoustic reflex.
F13ZG3Z	We performed an acoustic reflex patterns hearing assessment.
F13ZG3Z	We performed an acoustic reflex patterns hearing assessment using tympanometer.
F13ZG4Z	We performed an acoustic reflex patterns hearing assessment using electroacoustic immitance / acoustic reflex.
F13ZH3Z	We performed an acoustic reflex threshold hearing assessment.
F13ZH3Z	We performed an acoustic reflex threshold hearing assessment using tympanometer.
F13ZH4Z	We performed an acoustic reflex threshold hearing assessment using electroacoustic immitance / acoustic reflex.
F13ZJ3Z	We performed an acoustic reflex decay hearing assessment.
F13ZJ3Z	We performed an acoustic reflex decay hearing assessment using tympanometer.
F13ZJ4Z	We performed an acoustic reflex decay hearing assessment using electroacoustic immitance / acoustic reflex.
F13ZK7Z	We performed an electrocochleography hearing assessment.
F13ZK7Z	We performed an electrocochleography hearing assessment using electrophysiologic.
F13ZM6Z	We performed evoked otoacoustic emissions, screening hearing assessment.
F13ZM6Z	We performed evoked otoacoustic emissions, screening hearing assessment using otoacoustic emission (oae).
F13ZN6Z	We performed an evoked otoacoustic emissions, diagnostic hearing assessment.
F13ZN6Z	We performed an evoked otoacoustic emissions, diagnostic hearing assessment using otoacoustic emission (oae).
F13ZP1Z	We performed aural rehabilitation status hearing assessment.
F13ZP1Z	We performed aural rehabilitation status hearing assessment using audiometer.
F13ZP2Z	We performed aural rehabilitation status hearing assessment using sound field / booth.
F13ZP4Z	We performed aural rehabilitation status hearing assessment using electroacoustic immitance / acoustic reflex.
F13ZP9Z	We performed aural rehabilitation status hearing assessment using cochlear implant.
F13ZPKZ	We performed aural rehabilitation status hearing assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F13ZPPZ	We performed aural rehabilitation status hearing assessment using computer.
F13ZQKZ	We performed an auditory processing hearing assessment.
F13ZQKZ	We performed an auditory processing hearing assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F13ZQPZ	We performed an auditory processing hearing assessment using computer.
F13ZQYZ	We performed an auditory processing hearing assessment using other equipment.
F14	We conducted a hearing aid assessment.
F14Z01Z	We performed a cochlear implant hearing aid assessment.
F14Z01Z	We performed a cochlear implant hearing aid assessment using audiometer.
F14Z02Z	We performed a cochlear implant hearing aid assessment using sound field / booth.
F14Z03Z	We performed a cochlear implant hearing aid assessment using tympanometer.
F14Z04Z	We performed a cochlear implant hearing aid assessment using electroacoustic immitance / acoustic reflex.
F14Z05Z	We performed a cochlear implant hearing aid assessment using hearing aid selection / fitting / test.
F14Z07Z	We performed a cochlear implant hearing aid assessment using electrophysiologic.
F14Z09Z	We performed a cochlear implant hearing aid assessment using cochlear implant.
F14Z0KZ	We performed a cochlear implant hearing aid assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F14Z0PZ	We performed a cochlear implant hearing aid assessment using computer.
F14Z0YZ	We performed a cochlear implant hearing aid assessment using other equipment.
F14Z15Z	We performed an ear canal probe microphone hearing aid assessment.
F14Z15Z	We performed an ear canal probe microphone hearing aid assessment using hearing aid selection / fitting / test.
F14Z21Z	We performed a monaural hearing aid hearing aid assessment.
F14Z21Z	We performed a monaural hearing aid hearing aid assessment using audiometer.
F14Z22Z	We performed a monaural hearing aid hearing aid assessment using sound field / booth.
F14Z23Z	We performed a monaural hearing aid hearing aid assessment using tympanometer.
F14Z24Z	We performed a monaural hearing aid hearing aid assessment using electroacoustic immitance / acoustic reflex.
F14Z25Z	We performed a monaural hearing aid hearing aid assessment using hearing aid selection / fitting / test.
F14Z2KZ	We performed a monaural hearing aid hearing aid assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F14Z2PZ	We performed a monaural hearing aid hearing aid assessment using computer.
F14Z31Z	We performed a binaural hearing aid hearing aid assessment.
F14Z31Z	We performed a binaural hearing aid hearing aid assessment using audiometer.
F14Z32Z	We performed a binaural hearing aid hearing aid assessment using sound field / booth.
F14Z33Z	We performed a binaural hearing aid hearing aid assessment using tympanometer.
F14Z34Z	We performed a binaural hearing aid hearing aid assessment using electroacoustic immitance / acoustic reflex.
F14Z35Z	We performed a binaural hearing aid hearing aid assessment using hearing aid selection / fitting / test.
F14Z3KZ	We performed a binaural hearing aid hearing aid assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F14Z3PZ	We performed a binaural hearing aid hearing aid assessment using computer.
F14Z41Z	We performed an assistive listening system/device selection hearing aid assessment.
F14Z41Z	We performed an assistive listening system/device selection hearing aid assessment using audiometer.
F14Z42Z	We performed an assistive listening system/device selection hearing aid assessment using sound field / booth.
F14Z43Z	We performed an assistive listening system/device selection hearing aid assessment using tympanometer.
F14Z44Z	We performed an assistive listening system/device selection hearing aid assessment using electroacoustic immitance / acoustic reflex.
F14Z4KZ	We performed an assistive listening system/device selection hearing aid assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F14Z51Z	We performed a sensory aids hearing aid assessment.
F14Z51Z	We performed a sensory aids hearing aid assessment using audiometer.
F14Z52Z	We performed a sensory aids hearing aid assessment using sound field / booth.
F14Z53Z	We performed a sensory aids hearing aid assessment using tympanometer.
F14Z54Z	We performed a sensory aids hearing aid assessment using electroacoustic immitance / acoustic reflex.
F14Z55Z	We performed a sensory aids hearing aid assessment using hearing aid selection / fitting / test.
F14Z5KZ	We performed a sensory aids hearing aid assessment using audiovisual equipment.
F14Z65Z	We performed a binaural electroacoustic hearing aid check hearing aid assessment.
F14Z65Z	We performed a binaural electroacoustic hearing aid check hearing aid assessment using hearing aid selection / fitting / test.
F14Z70Z	We performed an ear protector attentuation hearing aid assessment.
F14Z70Z	We performed an ear protector attentuation hearing aid assessment using occupational hearing.
F14Z85Z	We performed a monaural electroacoustic hearing aid check hearing aid assessment.
F14Z85Z	We performed a monaural electroacoustic hearing aid check hearing aid assessment using hearing aid selection / fitting / test.
F15	We conducted a vestibular assessment.
F15Z08Z	We performed a bithermal, binaural caloric irrigation vestibular assessment.
F15Z08Z	We performed a bithermal, binaural caloric irrigation vestibular assessment using vestibular / balance.
F15Z18Z	We performed a bithermal, monaural caloric irrigation vestibular assessment.
F15Z18Z	We performed a bithermal, monaural caloric irrigation vestibular assessment using vestibular / balance.
F15Z28Z	We performed an unithermal binaural screen vestibular assessment.
F15Z28Z	We performed an unithermal binaural screen vestibular assessment using vestibular / balance.
F15Z38Z	We performed an oscillating tracking vestibular assessment.
F15Z38Z	We performed an oscillating tracking vestibular assessment using vestibular / balance.
F15Z48Z	We performed a sinusoidal vertical axis rotational vestibular assessment.
F15Z48Z	We performed a sinusoidal vertical axis rotational vestibular assessment using vestibular / balance.
F15Z58Z	We performed a dix-hallpike dynamic vestibular assessment.
F15Z58Z	We performed a dix-hallpike dynamic vestibular assessment using vestibular / balance.
F15Z68Z	We performed a computerized dynamic posturography vestibular assessment.
F15Z68Z	We performed a computerized dynamic posturography vestibular assessment using vestibular / balance.
F15Z75Z	We performed a tinnitus masker vestibular assessment.
F15Z75Z	We performed a tinnitus masker vestibular assessment using hearing aid selection / fitting / test.