X05	We destroyed the nervous system.
X05	We are destroying the nervous system.
X05	We will destroy the nervous system.
X051329	We destroyed the renal sympathetic nerve(s) with an ultrasound ablation.
X051329	We are destroying the renal sympathetic nerve(s) with an ultrasound ablation.
X051329	We will destroy the renal sympathetic nerve(s) with an ultrasound ablation.
X05133A	We destroyed the renal sympathetic nerve(s) with a radiofrequency ablation.
X05133A	We are destroying the renal sympathetic nerve(s) with a radiofrequency ablation.
X05133A	We will destroy the renal sympathetic nerve(s) with a radiofrequency ablation.
X05233B	We destroyed the cardiac system plexus thoracic region sympathetic nerve with a radiofrequency ablation.
X05233B	We are destroying the cardiac system plexus thoracic region sympathetic nerve with a radiofrequency ablation.
X05233B	We will destroy the cardiac system plexus thoracic region sympathetic nerve with a radiofrequency ablation.
X053X4B	We destroyed the brain with focused ultrasound therapy.
X053X4B	We are destroying the brain with focused ultrasound therapy.
X053X4B	We will destroy the brain with focused ultrasound therapy.
X0HK3Q8	We inserted the neurostimulator lead into the sphenopalatine ganglion.
X0HK3Q8	We are inserting the neurostimulator lead into the sphenopalatine ganglion.
X0HK3Q8	We will insert the neurostimulator lead into the sphenopalatine ganglion.
X0HQ3R8	We inserted the neurostimulator lead with paired stimulation system into the vagus nerve.
X0HQ3R8	We are inserting the neurostimulator lead with paired stimulation system into the vagus nerve.
X0HQ3R8	We will insert the neurostimulator lead with paired stimulation system into the vagus nerve.
X27	We dilated the cardiovascular system.
X27	We are dilating the cardiovascular system.
X27	We will dilate the cardiovascular system.
X2723CB	We dilated the inferior vena cava and iliocaval confluence with an open-structure polymer lattice intraluminal device.
X2723CB	We are dilating the inferior vena cava and iliocaval confluence with an open-structure polymer lattice intraluminal device.
X2723CB	We will dilate the inferior vena cava and iliocaval confluence with an open-structure polymer lattice intraluminal device.
X27339B	We dilated the right pulmonary artery with an expandable intraluminal device.
X27339B	We are dilating the right pulmonary artery with an expandable intraluminal device.
X27339B	We will dilate the right pulmonary artery with an expandable intraluminal device.
X27439B	We dilated the left pulmonary artery with an expandable intraluminal device.
X27439B	We are dilating the left pulmonary artery with an expandable intraluminal device.
X27439B	We will dilate the left pulmonary artery with an expandable intraluminal device.
X27535B	We dilated the right subclavian vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27535B	We are dilating the right subclavian vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27535B	We will dilate the right subclavian vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27635B	We dilated the left subclavian vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27635B	We are dilating the left subclavian vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27635B	We will dilate the left subclavian vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27735B	We dilated the right axillary vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27735B	We are dilating the right axillary vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27735B	We will dilate the right axillary vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27835B	We dilated the left axillary vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27835B	We are dilating the left axillary vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27835B	We will dilate the left axillary vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27935B	We dilated the right brachial vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27935B	We are dilating the right brachial vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27935B	We will dilate the right brachial vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27A35B	We dilated the left brachial vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27A35B	We are dilating the left brachial vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27A35B	We will dilate the left brachial vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27B35B	We dilated the right basilic vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27B35B	We are dilating the right basilic vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27B35B	We will dilate the right basilic vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27C35B	We dilated the left basilic vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27C35B	We are dilating the left basilic vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27C35B	We will dilate the left basilic vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27D35B	We dilated the right cephalic vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27D35B	We are dilating the right cephalic vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27D35B	We will dilate the right cephalic vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27E35B	We dilated the left cephalic vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27E35B	We are dilating the left cephalic vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27E35B	We will dilate the left cephalic vein with a cell impermeable intraluminal device.
X27P3TA	We dilated the right anterior tibial artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27P3TA	We are dilating the right anterior tibial artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27P3TA	We will dilate the right anterior tibial artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27Q3TA	We dilated the left anterior tibial artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27Q3TA	We are dilating the left anterior tibial artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27Q3TA	We will dilate the left anterior tibial artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27R3TA	We dilated the right posterior tibial artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27R3TA	We are dilating the right posterior tibial artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27R3TA	We will dilate the right posterior tibial artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27S3TA	We dilated the left posterior tibial artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27S3TA	We are dilating the left posterior tibial artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27S3TA	We will dilate the left posterior tibial artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27T3TA	We dilated the right peroneal artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27T3TA	We are dilating the right peroneal artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27T3TA	We will dilate the right peroneal artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27U3TA	We dilated the left peroneal artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27U3TA	We are dilating the left peroneal artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27U3TA	We will dilate the left peroneal artery with an everolimus-eluting resorbable scaffold(s) intraluminal device.
X27W39B	We dilated the descending thoracic region aorta with an expandable intraluminal device.
X27W39B	We are dilating the descending thoracic region aorta with an expandable intraluminal device.
X27W39B	We will dilate the descending thoracic region aorta with an expandable intraluminal device.
X27X39B	We dilated the ascending/arch thoracic region aorta with an expandable intraluminal device.
X27X39B	We are dilating the ascending/arch thoracic region aorta with an expandable intraluminal device.
X27X39B	We will dilate the ascending/arch thoracic region aorta with an expandable intraluminal device.
X28	We divided the cardiovascular system.
X28	We are dividing the cardiovascular system.
X28	We will divide the cardiovascular system.
X28F3VA	We divided the aortic valve with an intraluminal bioprosthetic valve leaflet splitting technology in existing valve.
X28F3VA	We are dividing the aortic valve with an intraluminal bioprosthetic valve leaflet splitting technology in existing valve.
X28F3VA	We will divide the aortic valve with an intraluminal bioprosthetic valve leaflet splitting technology in existing valve.
X28F3WB	We divided the aortic valve with a radiofrequency energy leaflet laceration.
X28F3WB	We are dividing the aortic valve with a radiofrequency energy leaflet laceration.
X28F3WB	We will divide the aortic valve with a radiofrequency energy leaflet laceration.
X2A	We assisted the cardiovascular system.
X2A	We are assisting the cardiovascular system.
X2A	We will assist the cardiovascular system.
X2A7358	We assisted the coronary sinus with an intermittent coronary sinus occlusion.
X2A7358	We are assisting the coronary sinus with an intermittent coronary sinus occlusion.
X2A7358	We will assist the coronary sinus with an intermittent coronary sinus occlusion.
X2AH34B	We assisted the right common carotid artery with single integrated distal filter cerebral embolic filtration.
X2AH34B	We are assisting the right common carotid artery with single integrated distal filter cerebral embolic filtration.
X2AH34B	We will assist the right common carotid artery with single integrated distal filter cerebral embolic filtration.
X2AJ34B	We assisted the left common carotid artery with single integrated distal filter cerebral embolic filtration.
X2AJ34B	We are assisting the left common carotid artery with single integrated distal filter cerebral embolic filtration.
X2AJ34B	We will assist the left common carotid artery with single integrated distal filter cerebral embolic filtration.
X2AK34B	We assisted the right internal carotid artery with single integrated distal filter cerebral embolic filtration.
X2AK34B	We are assisting the right internal carotid artery with single integrated distal filter cerebral embolic filtration.
X2AK34B	We will assist the right internal carotid artery with single integrated distal filter cerebral embolic filtration.
X2C	We extirpated the cardiovascular system.
X2C	We are extirpating the cardiovascular system.
X2C	We will extirpate the cardiovascular system.
X2CP3T7	We extirpated the abdominal aorta with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CP3T7	We are extirpating the abdominal aorta with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CP3T7	We will extirpate the abdominal aorta with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CQ3T7	We extirpated the right upper extremity vein with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CQ3T7	We are extirpating the right upper extremity vein with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CQ3T7	We will extirpate the right upper extremity vein with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CR3T7	We extirpated the left upper extremity vein with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CR3T7	We are extirpating the left upper extremity vein with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CR3T7	We will extirpate the left upper extremity vein with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CS3T7	We extirpated the right lower extremity artery with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CS3T7	We are extirpating the right lower extremity artery with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CS3T7	We will extirpate the right lower extremity artery with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CT3T7	We extirpated the left lower extremity artery with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CT3T7	We are extirpating the left lower extremity artery with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CT3T7	We will extirpate the left lower extremity artery with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CU3T7	We extirpated the right lower extremity vein with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CU3T7	We are extirpating the right lower extremity vein with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CU3T7	We will extirpate the right lower extremity vein with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CV3T7	We extirpated the left lower extremity vein with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CV3T7	We are extirpating the left lower extremity vein with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CV3T7	We will extirpate the left lower extremity vein with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CY3T7	We extirpated the great vessel with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CY3T7	We are extirpating the great vessel with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2CY3T7	We will extirpate the great vessel with a computer-aided mechanical aspiration.
X2H03BB	We inserted the volume sensor management device into the inferior vena cava.
X2H03BB	We are inserting the volume sensor management device into the inferior vena cava.
X2H03BB	We will insert the volume sensor management device into the inferior vena cava.
X2H03R9	We inserted the bioprosthetic valve intraluminal device into the inferior vena cava.
X2H03R9	We are inserting the bioprosthetic valve intraluminal device into the inferior vena cava.
X2H03R9	We will insert the bioprosthetic valve intraluminal device into the inferior vena cava.
X2H13R9	We inserted the bioprosthetic valve intraluminal device into the superior vena cava.
X2H13R9	We are inserting the bioprosthetic valve intraluminal device into the superior vena cava.
X2H13R9	We will insert the bioprosthetic valve intraluminal device into the superior vena cava.
X2H13XB	We inserted the temporary phrenic nerve/diaphragm stimulation electrodes into the superior vena cava.
X2H13XB	We are inserting the temporary phrenic nerve/diaphragm stimulation electrodes into the superior vena cava.
X2H13XB	We will insert the temporary phrenic nerve/diaphragm stimulation electrodes into the superior vena cava.
X2H20R9	We inserted the bioprosthetic valve intraluminal device into the right femoral vein.
X2H20R9	We are inserting the bioprosthetic valve intraluminal device into the right femoral vein.
X2H20R9	We will insert the bioprosthetic valve intraluminal device into the right femoral vein.
X2H30R9	We inserted the bioprosthetic valve intraluminal device into the left femoral vein.
X2H30R9	We are inserting the bioprosthetic valve intraluminal device into the left femoral vein.
X2H30R9	We will insert the bioprosthetic valve intraluminal device into the left femoral vein.
X2H63V9	We inserted the dual-chamber intracardiac pacemaker into the right atrium.
X2H63V9	We are inserting the dual-chamber intracardiac pacemaker into the right atrium.
X2H63V9	We will insert the dual-chamber intracardiac pacemaker into the right atrium.
X2HK3V9	We inserted the dual-chamber intracardiac pacemaker into the right ventricle.
X2HK3V9	We are inserting the dual-chamber intracardiac pacemaker into the right ventricle.
X2HK3V9	We will insert the dual-chamber intracardiac pacemaker into the right ventricle.
X2HM0F9	We inserted the conduit to short-term external heart assist system into the ventricular septum.
X2HM0F9	We are inserting the conduit to short-term external heart assist system into the ventricular septum.
X2HM0F9	We will insert the conduit to short-term external heart assist system into the ventricular septum.
X2HM3GB	We inserted the lumenless small-diameter defibrillator lead into the ventricular septum.
X2HM3GB	We are inserting the lumenless small-diameter defibrillator lead into the ventricular septum.
X2HM3GB	We will insert the lumenless small-diameter defibrillator lead into the ventricular septum.
X2HN37B	We inserted the endocardiac pacing electrode into the left ventricle.
X2HN37B	We are inserting the endocardiac pacing electrode into the left ventricle.
X2HN37B	We will insert the endocardiac pacing electrode into the left ventricle.
X2HP38B	We inserted the temporary intraluminal device into the right anterior tibial artery.
X2HP38B	We are inserting the temporary intraluminal device into the right anterior tibial artery.
X2HP38B	We will insert the temporary intraluminal device into the right anterior tibial artery.
X2HQ38B	We inserted the temporary intraluminal device into the left anterior tibial artery.
X2HQ38B	We are inserting the temporary intraluminal device into the left anterior tibial artery.
X2HQ38B	We will insert the temporary intraluminal device into the left anterior tibial artery.
X2HR38B	We inserted the temporary intraluminal device into the right posterior tibial artery.
X2HR38B	We are inserting the temporary intraluminal device into the right posterior tibial artery.
X2HR38B	We will insert the temporary intraluminal device into the right posterior tibial artery.
X2HS38B	We inserted the temporary intraluminal device into the left posterior tibial artery.
X2HS38B	We are inserting the temporary intraluminal device into the left posterior tibial artery.
X2HS38B	We will insert the temporary intraluminal device into the left posterior tibial artery.
X2HT38B	We inserted the temporary intraluminal device into the right peroneal artery.
X2HT38B	We are inserting the temporary intraluminal device into the right peroneal artery.
X2HT38B	We will insert the temporary intraluminal device into the right peroneal artery.
X2HU38B	We inserted the temporary intraluminal device into the left peroneal artery.
X2HU38B	We are inserting the temporary intraluminal device into the left peroneal artery.
X2HU38B	We will insert the temporary intraluminal device into the left peroneal artery.
X2HV3GB	We inserted the lumenless small-diameter defibrillator lead into the right ventricle.
X2HV3GB	We are inserting the lumenless small-diameter defibrillator lead into the right ventricle.
X2HV3GB	We will insert the lumenless small-diameter defibrillator lead into the right ventricle.
X2HX0F9	We inserted the conduit to short-term external heart assist system into the ascending thoracic region aorta.
X2HX0F9	We are inserting the conduit to short-term external heart assist system into the ascending thoracic region aorta.
X2HX0F9	We will insert the conduit to short-term external heart assist system into the ascending thoracic region aorta.
X2J	We inspected the cardiovascular system.
X2J	We are inspecting the cardiovascular system.
X2J	We will inspect the cardiovascular system.
X2JAX47	We inspected the heart with a computer-aided guidance transthoracic echocardiography.
X2JAX47	We are inspecting the heart with a computer-aided guidance transthoracic echocardiography.
X2JAX47	We will inspect the heart with a computer-aided guidance transthoracic echocardiography.
X2K	We bypassed the cardiovascular system.
X2K	We are bypassing the cardiovascular system.
X2K	We will bypass the cardiovascular system.
X2K00FB	We bypassed the inferior vena cava with an autologous cell seeded tissue engineered resorbable scaffold to pulmonary artery.
X2K00FB	We are bypassing the inferior vena cava with an autologous cell seeded tissue engineered resorbable scaffold to pulmonary artery.
X2K00FB	We will bypass the inferior vena cava with an autologous cell seeded tissue engineered resorbable scaffold to pulmonary artery.
X2KA30A	We bypassed the left atrium with a conduit through coronary sinus to right atrium.
X2KA30A	We are bypassing the left atrium with a conduit through coronary sinus to right atrium.
X2KA30A	We will bypass the left atrium with a conduit through coronary sinus to right atrium.
X2KB317	We bypassed the right radial artery with a thermal resistance energy.
X2KB317	We are bypassing the right radial artery with a thermal resistance energy.
X2KB317	We will bypass the right radial artery with a thermal resistance energy.
X2KC317	We bypassed the left radial artery with a thermal resistance energy.
X2KC317	We are bypassing the left radial artery with a thermal resistance energy.
X2KC317	We will bypass the left radial artery with a thermal resistance energy.
X2KG0FB	We bypassed the hepatic vein with an autologous cell seeded tissue engineered resorbable scaffold to pulmonary artery.
X2KG0FB	We are bypassing the hepatic vein with an autologous cell seeded tissue engineered resorbable scaffold to pulmonary artery.
X2KG0FB	We will bypass the hepatic vein with an autologous cell seeded tissue engineered resorbable scaffold to pulmonary artery.
X2KH3D9	We bypassed the right femoral artery with a conduit through femoral vein to superficial femoral artery.
X2KH3D9	We are bypassing the right femoral artery with a conduit through femoral vein to superficial femoral artery.
X2KH3D9	We will bypass the right femoral artery with a conduit through femoral vein to superficial femoral artery.
X2KH3E9	We bypassed the right femoral artery with a conduit through femoral vein to popliteal artery.
X2KH3E9	We are bypassing the right femoral artery with a conduit through femoral vein to popliteal artery.
X2KH3E9	We will bypass the right femoral artery with a conduit through femoral vein to popliteal artery.
X2KJ3D9	We bypassed the left femoral artery with a conduit through femoral vein to superficial femoral artery.
X2KJ3D9	We are bypassing the left femoral artery with a conduit through femoral vein to superficial femoral artery.
X2KJ3D9	We will bypass the left femoral artery with a conduit through femoral vein to superficial femoral artery.
X2KJ3E9	We bypassed the left femoral artery with a conduit through femoral vein to popliteal artery.
X2KJ3E9	We are bypassing the left femoral artery with a conduit through femoral vein to popliteal artery.
X2KJ3E9	We will bypass the left femoral artery with a conduit through femoral vein to popliteal artery.
X2R	We replaced the cardiovascular system.
X2R	We are replacing the cardiovascular system.
X2R	We will replace the cardiovascular system.
X2R50WA	We replaced the right upper extremity artery with a bioengineered human acellular vessel.
X2R50WA	We are replacing the right upper extremity artery with a bioengineered human acellular vessel.
X2R50WA	We will replace the right upper extremity artery with a bioengineered human acellular vessel.
X2R60WA	We replaced the left upper extremity artery with a bioengineered human acellular vessel.
X2R60WA	We are replacing the left upper extremity artery with a bioengineered human acellular vessel.
X2R60WA	We will replace the left upper extremity artery with a bioengineered human acellular vessel.
X2R70WA	We replaced the right lower extremity artery with a bioengineered human acellular vessel.
X2R70WA	We are replacing the right lower extremity artery with a bioengineered human acellular vessel.
X2R70WA	We will replace the right lower extremity artery with a bioengineered human acellular vessel.
X2R80WA	We replaced the left lower extremity artery with a bioengineered human acellular vessel.
X2R80WA	We are replacing the left lower extremity artery with a bioengineered human acellular vessel.
X2R80WA	We will replace the left lower extremity artery with a bioengineered human acellular vessel.
X2RJ3RA	We replaced the tricuspid valve with a multi-plane flex technology bioprosthetic valve.
X2RJ3RA	We are replacing the tricuspid valve with a multi-plane flex technology bioprosthetic valve.
X2RJ3RA	We will replace the tricuspid valve with a multi-plane flex technology bioprosthetic valve.
X2RX0N7	We replaced the arch thoracic region aorta with a branched synthetic substitute with intraluminal device.
X2RX0N7	We are replacing the arch thoracic region aorta with a branched synthetic substitute with intraluminal device.
X2RX0N7	We will replace the arch thoracic region aorta with a branched synthetic substitute with intraluminal device.
X2U	We supplemented the cardiovascular system.
X2U	We are supplementing the cardiovascular system.
X2U	We will supplement the cardiovascular system.
X2U4079	We supplemented the coronary artery/arteries with a vein graft extraluminal support device(s).
X2U4079	We are supplementing the coronary artery/arteries with a vein graft extraluminal support device(s).
X2U4079	We will supplement the coronary artery/arteries with a vein graft extraluminal support device(s).
X2U93YA	We supplemented the right atrium with a heterotopic bioprosthetic valve(s) intraluminal device.
X2U93YA	We are supplementing the right atrium with a heterotopic bioprosthetic valve(s) intraluminal device.
X2U93YA	We will supplement the right atrium with a heterotopic bioprosthetic valve(s) intraluminal device.
X2UQ0P9	We supplemented the right upper extremity vein with an extraluminal support device synthetic substitute.
X2UQ0P9	We are supplementing the right upper extremity vein with an extraluminal support device synthetic substitute.
X2UQ0P9	We will supplement the right upper extremity vein with an extraluminal support device synthetic substitute.
X2UR0P9	We supplemented the left upper extremity vein with an extraluminal support device synthetic substitute.
X2UR0P9	We are supplementing the left upper extremity vein with an extraluminal support device synthetic substitute.
X2UR0P9	We will supplement the left upper extremity vein with an extraluminal support device synthetic substitute.
X2V	We restricted the cardiovascular system.
X2V	We are restricting the cardiovascular system.
X2V	We will restrict the cardiovascular system.
X2V73Q7	We restricted the coronary sinus with a reduction device.
X2V73Q7	We are restricting the coronary sinus with a reduction device.
X2V73Q7	We will restrict the coronary sinus with a reduction device.
X2VE3SA	We restricted the descending thoracic region aorta and abdominal aorta with a branched intraluminal device, manufactured integrated system, four or more arteries.
X2VE3SA	We are restricting the descending thoracic region aorta and abdominal aorta with a branched intraluminal device, manufactured integrated system, four or more arteries.
X2VE3SA	We will restrict the descending thoracic region aorta and abdominal aorta with a branched intraluminal device, manufactured integrated system, four or more arteries.
X2VW0N7	We restricted the descending thoracic region aorta with a branched synthetic substitute with intraluminal device.
X2VW0N7	We are restricting the descending thoracic region aorta with a branched synthetic substitute with intraluminal device.
X2VW0N7	We will restrict the descending thoracic region aorta with a branched synthetic substitute with intraluminal device.
X2VY06B	We restricted the thoracic region aortic arch and descending thoracic region aorta with an uncovered with support cuff intraluminal device.
X2VY06B	We are restricting the thoracic region aortic arch and descending thoracic region aorta with an uncovered with support cuff intraluminal device.
X2VY06B	We will restrict the thoracic region aortic arch and descending thoracic region aorta with an uncovered with support cuff intraluminal device.
X9HD01B	We inserted the temporary infusion device into the right inner ear.
X9HD01B	We are inserting the temporary infusion device into the right inner ear.
X9HD01B	We will insert the temporary infusion device into the right inner ear.
X9HE01B	We inserted the temporary infusion device into the left inner ear.
X9HE01B	We are inserting the temporary infusion device into the left inner ear.
X9HE01B	We will insert the temporary infusion device into the left inner ear.
X9HF01B	We inserted the temporary infusion device into the bilateral inner ear.
X9HF01B	We are inserting the temporary infusion device into the bilateral inner ear.
X9HF01B	We will insert the temporary infusion device into the bilateral inner ear.
XD2	We monitored the gastrointestinal system.
XD2	We are monitoring the gastrointestinal system.
XD2	We will monitor the gastrointestinal system.
XD2G4V7	We monitored the upper gi with oxygen saturation.
XD2G4V7	We are monitoring the upper gi with oxygen saturation.
XD2G4V7	We will monitor the upper gi with oxygen saturation.
XD2H4V7	We monitored the lower gi with oxygen saturation.
XD2H4V7	We are monitoring the lower gi with oxygen saturation.
XD2H4V7	We will monitor the lower gi with oxygen saturation.
XDJ	We inspected the gastrointestinal system.
XDJ	We are inspecting the gastrointestinal system.
XDJ	We will inspect the gastrointestinal system.
XDP	We irrigated the gastrointestinal system.
XDP	We are irrigating the gastrointestinal system.
XDP	We will irrigate the gastrointestinal system.
XDPH8K7	We irrigated the lower gi with an intraoperative single-use oversleeve.
XDPH8K7	We are irrigating the lower gi with an intraoperative single-use oversleeve.
XDPH8K7	We will irrigate the lower gi with an intraoperative single-use oversleeve.
XF5	We destroyed the hepatobiliary system and pancreas.
XF5	We are destroying the hepatobiliary system and pancreas.
XF5	We will destroy the hepatobiliary system and pancreas.
XF50X08	We destroyed the liver with an ultrasound-guided cavitation.
XF50X08	We are destroying the liver with an ultrasound-guided cavitation.
XF50X08	We will destroy the liver with an ultrasound-guided cavitation.
XF51X08	We destroyed the right lobe liver with an ultrasound-guided cavitation.
XF51X08	We are destroying the right lobe liver with an ultrasound-guided cavitation.
XF51X08	We will destroy the right lobe liver with an ultrasound-guided cavitation.
XF52X08	We destroyed the left lobe liver with an ultrasound-guided cavitation.
XF52X08	We are destroying the left lobe liver with an ultrasound-guided cavitation.
XF52X08	We will destroy the left lobe liver with an ultrasound-guided cavitation.
XFJ	We inspected the hepatobiliary system and pancreas.
XFJ	We are inspecting the hepatobiliary system and pancreas.
XFJ	We will inspect the hepatobiliary system and pancreas.
XFJB8A7	We inspected the hepatobiliary system duct with a single-use duodenoscope.
XFJB8A7	We are inspecting the hepatobiliary system duct with a single-use duodenoscope.
XFJB8A7	We will inspect the hepatobiliary system duct with a single-use duodenoscope.
XFJD8A7	We inspected the pancreatic duct with a single-use duodenoscope.
XFJD8A7	We are inspecting the pancreatic duct with a single-use duodenoscope.
XFJD8A7	We will inspect the pancreatic duct with a single-use duodenoscope.
XHH80HB	We inserted the ultrasound transmitter and battery for endocardiac pacing electrode into the chest subcutaneous tissue and fascia.
XHH80HB	We are inserting the ultrasound transmitter and battery for endocardiac pacing electrode into the chest subcutaneous tissue and fascia.
XHH80HB	We will insert the ultrasound transmitter and battery for endocardiac pacing electrode into the chest subcutaneous tissue and fascia.
XHR	We replaced the skin, subcutaneous tissue, and fascia and breast.
XHR	We are replacing the skin, subcutaneous tissue, and fascia and breast.
XHR	We will replace the skin, subcutaneous tissue, and fascia and breast.
XHR0XGA	We replaced the head and neck skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR0XGA	We are replacing the head and neck skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR0XGA	We will replace the head and neck skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR1XGA	We replaced the chest skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR1XGA	We are replacing the chest skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR1XGA	We will replace the chest skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR2XGA	We replaced the abdomen skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR2XGA	We are replacing the abdomen skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR2XGA	We will replace the abdomen skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR3XGA	We replaced the back skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR3XGA	We are replacing the back skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR3XGA	We will replace the back skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR4XGA	We replaced the right upper extremity skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR4XGA	We are replacing the right upper extremity skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR4XGA	We will replace the right upper extremity skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR5XGA	We replaced the left upper extremity skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR5XGA	We are replacing the left upper extremity skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR5XGA	We will replace the left upper extremity skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR6XGA	We replaced the right lower extremity skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR6XGA	We are replacing the right lower extremity skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR6XGA	We will replace the right lower extremity skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR7XGA	We replaced the left lower extremity skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR7XGA	We are replacing the left lower extremity skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHR7XGA	We will replace the left lower extremity skin with genetically engineered autologous cell therapy prademagene zamikeracel.
XHRPXF7	We replaced the skin with a bioengineered allogeneic construct.
XHRPXF7	We are replacing the skin with a bioengineered allogeneic construct.
XHRPXF7	We will replace the skin with a bioengineered allogeneic construct.
XKU	We supplemented the muscles, tendons, and bursae and ligaments.
XKU	We are supplementing the muscles, tendons, and bursae and ligaments.
XKU	We will supplement the muscles, tendons, and bursae and ligaments.
XKUC068	We supplemented the upper spine bursa and ligament with a posterior vertebral tether.
XKUC068	We are supplementing the upper spine bursa and ligament with a posterior vertebral tether.
XKUC068	We will supplement the upper spine bursa and ligament with a posterior vertebral tether.
XKUD068	We supplemented the lower spine bursa and ligament with a posterior vertebral tether.
XKUD068	We are supplementing the lower spine bursa and ligament with a posterior vertebral tether.
XKUD068	We will supplement the lower spine bursa and ligament with a posterior vertebral tether.
XNH6058	We inserted the internal fixation device with tulip connector into the right pelvic region bone.
XNH6058	We are inserting the internal fixation device with tulip connector into the right pelvic region bone.
XNH6058	We will insert the internal fixation device with tulip connector into the right pelvic region bone.
XNH60HB	We inserted the bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device into the right pelvic region bone.
XNH60HB	We are inserting the bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device into the right pelvic region bone.
XNH60HB	We will insert the bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device into the right pelvic region bone.
XNH7058	We inserted the internal fixation device with tulip connector into the left pelvic region bone.
XNH7058	We are inserting the internal fixation device with tulip connector into the left pelvic region bone.
XNH7058	We will insert the internal fixation device with tulip connector into the left pelvic region bone.
XNH70HB	We inserted the bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device into the left pelvic region bone.
XNH70HB	We are inserting the bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device into the left pelvic region bone.
XNH70HB	We will insert the bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device into the left pelvic region bone.
XNHG0F9	We inserted the tibial extension with motion sensors into the right tibia.
XNHG0F9	We are inserting the tibial extension with motion sensors into the right tibia.
XNHG0F9	We will insert the tibial extension with motion sensors into the right tibia.
XNHH0F9	We inserted the tibial extension with motion sensors into the left tibia.
XNHH0F9	We are inserting the tibial extension with motion sensors into the left tibia.
XNHH0F9	We will insert the tibial extension with motion sensors into the left tibia.
XNR	We replaced the bones.
XNR	We are replacing the bones.
XNR	We will replace the bones.
XNR80D9	We replaced the skull with an ultrasound penetrable synthetic substitute.
XNR80D9	We are replacing the skull with an ultrasound penetrable synthetic substitute.
XNR80D9	We will replace the skull with an ultrasound penetrable synthetic substitute.
XNRM099	We replaced the left tarsal with a talar prosthesis synthetic substitute.
XNRM099	We are replacing the left tarsal with a talar prosthesis synthetic substitute.
XNRM099	We will replace the left tarsal with a talar prosthesis synthetic substitute.
XNS	We repositioned the bones.
XNS	We are repositioning the bones.
XNS	We will reposition the bones.
XNS0032	We repositioned the lumbar region vertebra with a magnetically controlled growth rod(s).
XNS0032	We are repositioning the lumbar region vertebra with a magnetically controlled growth rod(s).
XNS0032	We will reposition the lumbar region vertebra with a magnetically controlled growth rod(s).
XNS00C7	We repositioned the lumbar region vertebra with a posterior (dynamic) distraction device.
XNS00C7	We are repositioning the lumbar region vertebra with a posterior (dynamic) distraction device.
XNS00C7	We will reposition the lumbar region vertebra with a posterior (dynamic) distraction device.
XNS3032	We repositioned the cervical region vertebra with a magnetically controlled growth rod(s).
XNS3032	We are repositioning the cervical region vertebra with a magnetically controlled growth rod(s).
XNS3032	We will reposition the cervical region vertebra with a magnetically controlled growth rod(s).
XNS4032	We repositioned the right humeral shaft with a magnetically controlled growth rod(s).
XNS4032	We are repositioning the right humeral shaft with a magnetically controlled growth rod(s).
XNS4032	We will reposition the right humeral shaft with a magnetically controlled growth rod(s).
XNS40C7	We repositioned the right humeral shaft with a posterior (dynamic) distraction device.
XNS40C7	We are repositioning the right humeral shaft with a posterior (dynamic) distraction device.
XNS40C7	We will reposition the right humeral shaft with a posterior (dynamic) distraction device.
XNS40GA	We repositioned the right humeral shaft with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS40GA	We are repositioning the right humeral shaft with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS40GA	We will reposition the right humeral shaft with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS50GA	We repositioned the left humeral shaft with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS50GA	We are repositioning the left humeral shaft with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS50GA	We will reposition the left humeral shaft with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS60GA	We repositioned the right radius with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS60GA	We are repositioning the right radius with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS60GA	We will reposition the right radius with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS70GA	We repositioned the left radius with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS70GA	We are repositioning the left radius with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS70GA	We will reposition the left radius with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS80GA	We repositioned the right ulna with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS80GA	We are repositioning the right ulna with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS80GA	We will reposition the right ulna with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS90GA	We repositioned the left ulna with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS90GA	We are repositioning the left ulna with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNS90GA	We will reposition the left ulna with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSA0GA	We repositioned the right upper femur with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSA0GA	We are repositioning the right upper femur with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSA0GA	We will reposition the right upper femur with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSB0GA	We repositioned the left upper femur with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSB0GA	We are repositioning the left upper femur with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSB0GA	We will reposition the left upper femur with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSC0GA	We repositioned the right lower femur with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSC0GA	We are repositioning the right lower femur with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSC0GA	We will reposition the right lower femur with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSD0GA	We repositioned the left lower femur with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSD0GA	We are repositioning the left lower femur with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSD0GA	We will reposition the left lower femur with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSE0GA	We repositioned the right femoral shaft with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSE0GA	We are repositioning the right femoral shaft with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSE0GA	We will reposition the right femoral shaft with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSF0GA	We repositioned the left femoral shaft with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSF0GA	We are repositioning the left femoral shaft with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSF0GA	We will reposition the left femoral shaft with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSG0GA	We repositioned the right tibia with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSG0GA	We are repositioning the right tibia with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSG0GA	We will reposition the right tibia with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSH0GA	We repositioned the left tibia with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSH0GA	We are repositioning the left tibia with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSH0GA	We will reposition the left tibia with a ring external fixation device with automated strut adjustment.
XNSN0HB	We repositioned the right pelvic region bone with a bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device.
XNSN0HB	We are repositioning the right pelvic region bone with a bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device.
XNSN0HB	We will reposition the right pelvic region bone with a bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device.
XNSP0HB	We repositioned the left pelvic region bone with a bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device.
XNSP0HB	We are repositioning the left pelvic region bone with a bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device.
XNSP0HB	We will reposition the left pelvic region bone with a bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device.
XNU	We supplemented the bones.
XNU	We are supplementing the bones.
XNU	We will supplement the bones.
XNU0356	We supplemented the lumbar region vertebra with a mechanically expandable (paired) synthetic substitute.
XNU0356	We are supplementing the lumbar region vertebra with a mechanically expandable (paired) synthetic substitute.
XNU0356	We will supplement the lumbar region vertebra with a mechanically expandable (paired) synthetic substitute.
XNU4356	We supplemented the thoracic region vertebra with a mechanically expandable (paired) synthetic substitute.
XNU4356	We are supplementing the thoracic region vertebra with a mechanically expandable (paired) synthetic substitute.
XNU4356	We will supplement the thoracic region vertebra with a mechanically expandable (paired) synthetic substitute.
XRG	We fused the joints.
XRG	We are fusing the joints.
XRG	We will fuse the joints.
XRG10RB	We fused the cervical region vertebral joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRG10RB	We are fusing the cervical region vertebral joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRG10RB	We will fuse the cervical region vertebral joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRG20RB	We fused 2 or more cervical region vertebral joints with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRG20RB	We are fusing 2 or more cervical region vertebral joints with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRG20RB	We will fuse 2 or more cervical region vertebral joints with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRG40RB	We fused the cervicothoracic region vertebral joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRG40RB	We are fusing the cervicothoracic region vertebral joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRG40RB	We will fuse the cervicothoracic region vertebral joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRGA0EA	We fused the thoracolumbar region vertebral joint with a paired titanium cages facet joint fusion device.
XRGA0EA	We are fusing the thoracolumbar region vertebral joint with a paired titanium cages facet joint fusion device.
XRGA0EA	We will fuse the thoracolumbar region vertebral joint with a paired titanium cages facet joint fusion device.
XRGA0R7	We fused the thoracolumbar region vertebral joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRGA0R7	We are fusing the thoracolumbar region vertebral joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRGA0R7	We will fuse the thoracolumbar region vertebral joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRGB0EA	We fused the lumbar region vertebral joint with a paired titanium cages facet joint fusion device.
XRGB0EA	We are fusing the lumbar region vertebral joint with a paired titanium cages facet joint fusion device.
XRGB0EA	We will fuse the lumbar region vertebral joint with a paired titanium cages facet joint fusion device.
XRGB0R7	We fused the lumbar region vertebral joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRGB0R7	We are fusing the lumbar region vertebral joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRGB0R7	We will fuse the lumbar region vertebral joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRGC0EA	We fused 2 or more lumbar region vertebral joints with a paired titanium cages facet joint fusion device.
XRGC0EA	We are fusing 2 or more lumbar region vertebral joints with a paired titanium cages facet joint fusion device.
XRGC0EA	We will fuse 2 or more lumbar region vertebral joints with a paired titanium cages facet joint fusion device.
XRGC0R7	We fused 2 or more lumbar region vertebral joints with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRGC0R7	We are fusing 2 or more lumbar region vertebral joints with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRGC0R7	We will fuse 2 or more lumbar region vertebral joints with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRGD0EA	We fused the lumbosacral region joint with a paired titanium cages facet joint fusion device.
XRGD0EA	We are fusing the lumbosacral region joint with a paired titanium cages facet joint fusion device.
XRGD0EA	We will fuse the lumbosacral region joint with a paired titanium cages facet joint fusion device.
XRGD0R7	We fused the lumbosacral region joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRGD0R7	We are fusing the lumbosacral region joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRGD0R7	We will fuse the lumbosacral region joint with a custom-made anatomically designed interbody fusion device.
XRGE058	We fused the right sacroiliac joint with an internal fixation device with tulip connector.
XRGE058	We are fusing the right sacroiliac joint with an internal fixation device with tulip connector.
XRGE058	We will fuse the right sacroiliac joint with an internal fixation device with tulip connector.
XRGE0HB	We fused the right sacroiliac joint with a bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device.
XRGE0HB	We are fusing the right sacroiliac joint with a bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device.
XRGE0HB	We will fuse the right sacroiliac joint with a bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device.
XRGF058	We fused the left sacroiliac joint with an internal fixation device with tulip connector.
XRGF058	We are fusing the left sacroiliac joint with an internal fixation device with tulip connector.
XRGF058	We will fuse the left sacroiliac joint with an internal fixation device with tulip connector.
XRGF0HB	We fused the left sacroiliac joint with a bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device.
XRGF0HB	We are fusing the left sacroiliac joint with a bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device.
XRGF0HB	We will fuse the left sacroiliac joint with a bone-density-specific thread and porosity pattern internal fixation device.
XRGJ0B9	We fused the right ankle joint with an open-truss design internal fixation device.
XRGJ0B9	We are fusing the right ankle joint with an open-truss design internal fixation device.
XRGJ0B9	We will fuse the right ankle joint with an open-truss design internal fixation device.
XRGJ0CA	We fused the right ankle joint with a gyroid-sheet lattice design internal fixation device.
XRGJ0CA	We are fusing the right ankle joint with a gyroid-sheet lattice design internal fixation device.
XRGJ0CA	We will fuse the right ankle joint with a gyroid-sheet lattice design internal fixation device.
XRGK0B9	We fused the left ankle joint with an open-truss design internal fixation device.
XRGK0B9	We are fusing the left ankle joint with an open-truss design internal fixation device.
XRGK0B9	We will fuse the left ankle joint with an open-truss design internal fixation device.
XRGK0CA	We fused the left ankle joint with a gyroid-sheet lattice design internal fixation device.
XRGK0CA	We are fusing the left ankle joint with a gyroid-sheet lattice design internal fixation device.
XRGK0CA	We will fuse the left ankle joint with a gyroid-sheet lattice design internal fixation device.
XRGM0B9	We fused the left tarsal joint with an open-truss design internal fixation device.
XRGM0B9	We are fusing the left tarsal joint with an open-truss design internal fixation device.
XRGM0B9	We will fuse the left tarsal joint with an open-truss design internal fixation device.
XRGM0CA	We fused the left tarsal joint with a gyroid-sheet lattice design internal fixation device.
XRGM0CA	We are fusing the left tarsal joint with a gyroid-sheet lattice design internal fixation device.
XRGM0CA	We will fuse the left tarsal joint with a gyroid-sheet lattice design internal fixation device.
XRH10GB	We inserted the molybdenum rhenium alloy spinal stabilization device into the cervical region vertebral joint.
XRH10GB	We are inserting the molybdenum rhenium alloy spinal stabilization device into the cervical region vertebral joint.
XRH10GB	We will insert the molybdenum rhenium alloy spinal stabilization device into the cervical region vertebral joint.
XRH20GB	We inserted the molybdenum rhenium alloy spinal stabilization device into 2 or more cervical region vertebral joints.
XRH20GB	We are inserting the molybdenum rhenium alloy spinal stabilization device into 2 or more cervical region vertebral joints.
XRH20GB	We will insert the molybdenum rhenium alloy spinal stabilization device into 2 or more cervical region vertebral joints.
XRH40GB	We inserted the molybdenum rhenium alloy spinal stabilization device into the cervicothoracic region vertebral joint.
XRH40GB	We are inserting the molybdenum rhenium alloy spinal stabilization device into the cervicothoracic region vertebral joint.
XRH40GB	We will insert the molybdenum rhenium alloy spinal stabilization device into the cervicothoracic region vertebral joint.
XRH60FA	We inserted the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into the thoracic region vertebral joint.
XRH60FA	We are inserting the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into the thoracic region vertebral joint.
XRH60FA	We will insert the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into the thoracic region vertebral joint.
XRH60GB	We inserted the molybdenum rhenium alloy spinal stabilization device into the thoracic region vertebral joint.
XRH60GB	We are inserting the molybdenum rhenium alloy spinal stabilization device into the thoracic region vertebral joint.
XRH60GB	We will insert the molybdenum rhenium alloy spinal stabilization device into the thoracic region vertebral joint.
XRH70FA	We inserted the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into 2 to 7 thoracic region vertebral joints.
XRH70FA	We are inserting the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into 2 to 7 thoracic region vertebral joints.
XRH70FA	We will insert the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into 2 to 7 thoracic region vertebral joints.
XRH80FA	We inserted the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into the 8 or more thoracic region vertebral joints.
XRH80FA	We are inserting the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into the 8 or more thoracic region vertebral joints.
XRH80FA	We will insert the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into the 8 or more thoracic region vertebral joints.
XRHA0FA	We inserted the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into the thoracolumbar region vertebral joint.
XRHA0FA	We are inserting the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into the thoracolumbar region vertebral joint.
XRHA0FA	We will insert the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into the thoracolumbar region vertebral joint.
XRHB018	We inserted the posterior spinal motion preservation device into the lumbar region vertebral joint.
XRHB018	We are inserting the posterior spinal motion preservation device into the lumbar region vertebral joint.
XRHB018	We will insert the posterior spinal motion preservation device into the lumbar region vertebral joint.
XRHB0FA	We inserted the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into the lumbar region vertebral joint.
XRHB0FA	We are inserting the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into the lumbar region vertebral joint.
XRHB0FA	We will insert the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into the lumbar region vertebral joint.
XRHC0FA	We inserted the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into 2 or more lumbar region vertebral joints.
XRHC0FA	We are inserting the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into 2 or more lumbar region vertebral joints.
XRHC0FA	We will insert the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into 2 or more lumbar region vertebral joints.
XRHD018	We inserted the posterior spinal motion preservation device into the lumbosacral region joint.
XRHD018	We are inserting the posterior spinal motion preservation device into the lumbosacral region joint.
XRHD018	We will insert the posterior spinal motion preservation device into the lumbosacral region joint.
XRHD0FA	We inserted the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into the lumbosacral region joint.
XRHD0FA	We are inserting the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into the lumbosacral region joint.
XRHD0FA	We will insert the pedicle based carbon/peek spinal stabilization device into the lumbosacral region joint.
XRR	We replaced the joints.
XRR	We are replacing the joints.
XRR	We will replace the joints.
XRRG0M8	We replaced the right knee joint with a medial meniscus synthetic substitute.
XRRG0M8	We are replacing the right knee joint with a medial meniscus synthetic substitute.
XRRG0M8	We will replace the right knee joint with a medial meniscus synthetic substitute.
XRRH0M8	We replaced the left knee joint with a medial meniscus synthetic substitute.
XRRH0M8	We are replacing the left knee joint with a medial meniscus synthetic substitute.
XRRH0M8	We will replace the left knee joint with a medial meniscus synthetic substitute.
XT2	We monitored the urinary system.
XT2	We are monitoring the urinary system.
XT2	We will monitor the urinary system.
XT25XE5	We monitored the kidney with a fluorescent pyrazine.
XT25XE5	We are monitoring the kidney with a fluorescent pyrazine.
XT25XE5	We will monitor the kidney with a fluorescent pyrazine.
XU7	We dilated the female reproductive system.
XU7	We are dilating the female reproductive system.
XU7	We will dilate the female reproductive system.
XU7G71B	We dilated the vagina with a temporary electromechanical intraluminal device.
XU7G71B	We are dilating the vagina with a temporary electromechanical intraluminal device.
XU7G71B	We will dilate the vagina with a temporary electromechanical intraluminal device.
XW00X27	We introduced the cpi-601 enzyme replacement therapy into the skin.
XW00X27	We are introducing the cpi-601 enzyme replacement therapy into the skin.
XW00X27	We will introduce the cpi-601 enzyme replacement therapy into the skin.
XW01318	We introduced the eladocagene exuparvovec into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW01318	We are introducing the eladocagene exuparvovec into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW01318	We will introduce the eladocagene exuparvovec into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW01329	We introduced the cpi-601 enzyme replacement therapy into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW01329	We are introducing the cpi-601 enzyme replacement therapy into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW01329	We will introduce the cpi-601 enzyme replacement therapy into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW01348	We introduced the somatic stem cells into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW01348	We are introducing the somatic stem cells into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW01348	We will introduce the somatic stem cells into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW0136A	We introduced the afamitresgene autoleucel immunotherapy into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW0136A	We are introducing the afamitresgene autoleucel immunotherapy into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW0136A	We will introduce the afamitresgene autoleucel immunotherapy into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW01397	We introduced the odronextamab antineoplastic into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW01397	We are introducing the odronextamab antineoplastic into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW01397	We will introduce the odronextamab antineoplastic into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013F5	We introduced the other new technology therapeutic substance into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013F5	We are introducing the other new technology therapeutic substance into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013F5	We will introduce the other new technology therapeutic substance into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013G6	We introduced the temporary irrigation spacer system vancomycin hydrochloride and tobramycin sulfate anti-infective into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013G6	We are introducing the temporary irrigation spacer system vancomycin hydrochloride and tobramycin sulfate anti-infective into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013G6	We will introduce the temporary irrigation spacer system vancomycin hydrochloride and tobramycin sulfate anti-infective into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013H6	We introduced the one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013H6	We are introducing the one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013H6	We will introduce the one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013K6	We introduced three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013K6	We are introducing three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013K6	We will introduce three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013S6	We introduced the iobenguane i-131 antineoplastic into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013S6	We are introducing the iobenguane i-131 antineoplastic into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013S6	We will introduce the iobenguane i-131 antineoplastic into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013T6	We introduced the melphalan hydrochloride antineoplastic into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013T6	We are introducing the melphalan hydrochloride antineoplastic into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013T6	We will introduce the melphalan hydrochloride antineoplastic into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013U6	We introduced the covid-19 vaccine into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013U6	We are introducing the covid-19 vaccine into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013U6	We will introduce the covid-19 vaccine into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013V7	We introduced the xanomeline and trospium chloride into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013V7	We are introducing the xanomeline and trospium chloride into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013V7	We will introduce the xanomeline and trospium chloride into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013W5	We introduced the agn1 bone void filler into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013W5	We are introducing the agn1 bone void filler into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW013W5	We will introduce the agn1 bone void filler into the subcutaneous tissue.
XW020D8	We introduced the donislecel-jujn allogeneic pancreatic islet cellular suspension into the muscle.
XW020D8	We are introducing the donislecel-jujn allogeneic pancreatic islet cellular suspension into the muscle.
XW020D8	We will introduce the donislecel-jujn allogeneic pancreatic islet cellular suspension into the muscle.
XW023S6	We introduced the iobenguane i-131 antineoplastic into the muscle.
XW023S6	We are introducing the iobenguane i-131 antineoplastic into the muscle.
XW023S6	We will introduce the iobenguane i-131 antineoplastic into the muscle.
XW023T6	We introduced the melphalan hydrochloride antineoplastic into the muscle.
XW023T6	We are introducing the melphalan hydrochloride antineoplastic into the muscle.
XW023T6	We will introduce the melphalan hydrochloride antineoplastic into the muscle.
XW023U6	We introduced the covid-19 vaccine into the muscle.
XW023U6	We are introducing the covid-19 vaccine into the muscle.
XW023U6	We will introduce the covid-19 vaccine into the muscle.
XW023V7	We introduced the xanomeline and trospium chloride into the muscle.
XW023V7	We are introducing the xanomeline and trospium chloride into the muscle.
XW023V7	We will introduce the xanomeline and trospium chloride into the muscle.
XW023W7	We introduced the agn1 bone void filler into the muscle.
XW023W7	We are introducing the agn1 bone void filler into the muscle.
XW023W7	We will introduce the agn1 bone void filler into the muscle.
XW023X7	We introduced the peptide enhanced bone void filler into the muscle.
XW023X7	We are introducing the peptide enhanced bone void filler into the muscle.
XW023X7	We will introduce the peptide enhanced bone void filler into the muscle.
XW023Y7	We introduced the other new technology monoclonal antibody into the muscle.
XW023Y7	We are introducing the other new technology monoclonal antibody into the muscle.
XW023Y7	We will introduce the other new technology monoclonal antibody into the muscle.
XW03308	We introduced the alpha1-proteinase inhibitor into the peripheral vein.
XW03308	We are introducing the alpha1-proteinase inhibitor into the peripheral vein.
XW03308	We will introduce the alpha1-proteinase inhibitor into the peripheral vein.
XW0331B	We introduced the eladocagene exuparvovec into the peripheral vein.
XW0331B	We are introducing the eladocagene exuparvovec into the peripheral vein.
XW0331B	We will introduce the eladocagene exuparvovec into the peripheral vein.
XW0333A	We introduced the maribavir anti-infective into the peripheral vein.
XW0333A	We are introducing the maribavir anti-infective into the peripheral vein.
XW0333A	We will introduce the maribavir anti-infective into the peripheral vein.
XW0334A	We introduced the somatic stem cells into the peripheral vein.
XW0334A	We are introducing the somatic stem cells into the peripheral vein.
XW0334A	We will introduce the somatic stem cells into the peripheral vein.
XW03357	We introduced the ceftobiprole medocaril anti-infective into the peripheral vein.
XW03357	We are introducing the ceftobiprole medocaril anti-infective into the peripheral vein.
XW03357	We will introduce the ceftobiprole medocaril anti-infective into the peripheral vein.
XW03367	We introduced the afamitresgene autoleucel immunotherapy into the peripheral vein.
XW03367	We are introducing the afamitresgene autoleucel immunotherapy into the peripheral vein.
XW03367	We will introduce the afamitresgene autoleucel immunotherapy into the peripheral vein.
XW03372	We introduced the tabelecleucel immunotherapy into the peripheral vein.
XW03372	We are introducing the tabelecleucel immunotherapy into the peripheral vein.
XW03372	We will introduce the tabelecleucel immunotherapy into the peripheral vein.
XW03387	We introduced the mineral-based topical hemostatic agent into the peripheral vein.
XW03387	We are introducing the mineral-based topical hemostatic agent into the peripheral vein.
XW03387	We will introduce the mineral-based topical hemostatic agent into the peripheral vein.
XW03396	We introduced the odronextamab antineoplastic into the peripheral vein.
XW03396	We are introducing the odronextamab antineoplastic into the peripheral vein.
XW03396	We will introduce the odronextamab antineoplastic into the peripheral vein.
XW033A7	We introduced the ciltacabtagene autoleucel into the peripheral vein.
XW033A7	We are introducing the ciltacabtagene autoleucel into the peripheral vein.
XW033A7	We will introduce the ciltacabtagene autoleucel into the peripheral vein.
XW033B3	We introduced the orca-t allogeneic t-cell immunotherapy into the peripheral vein.
XW033B3	We are introducing the orca-t allogeneic t-cell immunotherapy into the peripheral vein.
XW033B3	We will introduce the orca-t allogeneic t-cell immunotherapy into the peripheral vein.
XW033C7	We introduced the zanidatamab antineoplastic into the peripheral vein.
XW033C7	We are introducing the zanidatamab antineoplastic into the peripheral vein.
XW033C7	We will introduce the zanidatamab antineoplastic into the peripheral vein.
XW033DA	We introduced the donislecel-jujn allogeneic pancreatic islet cellular suspension into the peripheral vein.
XW033DA	We are introducing the donislecel-jujn allogeneic pancreatic islet cellular suspension into the peripheral vein.
XW033DA	We will introduce the donislecel-jujn allogeneic pancreatic islet cellular suspension into the peripheral vein.
XW033E5	We introduced the remdesivir anti-infective into the peripheral vein.
XW033E5	We are introducing the remdesivir anti-infective into the peripheral vein.
XW033E5	We will introduce the remdesivir anti-infective into the peripheral vein.
XW033F3	We introduced the other new technology therapeutic substance into the peripheral vein.
XW033F3	We are introducing the other new technology therapeutic substance into the peripheral vein.
XW033F3	We will introduce the other new technology therapeutic substance into the peripheral vein.
XW033G5	We introduced the temporary irrigation spacer system vancomycin hydrochloride and tobramycin sulfate anti-infective into the peripheral vein.
XW033G5	We are introducing the temporary irrigation spacer system vancomycin hydrochloride and tobramycin sulfate anti-infective into the peripheral vein.
XW033G5	We will introduce the temporary irrigation spacer system vancomycin hydrochloride and tobramycin sulfate anti-infective into the peripheral vein.
XW033H5	We introduced the one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the peripheral vein.
XW033H5	We are introducing the one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the peripheral vein.
XW033H5	We will introduce the one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the peripheral vein.
XW033J7	We introduced two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the peripheral vein.
XW033J7	We are introducing two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the peripheral vein.
XW033J7	We will introduce two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the peripheral vein.
XW033K7	We introduced three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the peripheral vein.
XW033K7	We are introducing three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the peripheral vein.
XW033K7	We will introduce three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the peripheral vein.
XW033M7	We introduced the baricitinib into the peripheral vein.
XW033M7	We are introducing the baricitinib into the peripheral vein.
XW033M7	We will introduce the baricitinib into the peripheral vein.
XW033N7	We introduced the ser-109 into the peripheral vein.
XW033N7	We are introducing the ser-109 into the peripheral vein.
XW033N7	We will introduce the ser-109 into the peripheral vein.
XW033P9	We introduced the antibiotic-eluting bone void filler into the peripheral vein.
XW033P9	We are introducing the antibiotic-eluting bone void filler into the peripheral vein.
XW033P9	We will introduce the antibiotic-eluting bone void filler into the peripheral vein.
XW033Q5	We introduced the iloprost into the peripheral vein.
XW033Q5	We are introducing the iloprost into the peripheral vein.
XW033Q5	We will introduce the iloprost into the peripheral vein.
XW033R9	We introduced the fostamatinib into the peripheral vein.
XW033R9	We are introducing the fostamatinib into the peripheral vein.
XW033R9	We will introduce the fostamatinib into the peripheral vein.
XW033S5	We introduced the iobenguane i-131 antineoplastic into the peripheral vein.
XW033S5	We are introducing the iobenguane i-131 antineoplastic into the peripheral vein.
XW033S5	We will introduce the iobenguane i-131 antineoplastic into the peripheral vein.
XW033W5	We introduced the agn1 bone void filler into the peripheral vein.
XW033W5	We are introducing the agn1 bone void filler into the peripheral vein.
XW033W5	We will introduce the agn1 bone void filler into the peripheral vein.
XW04308	We introduced the alpha1-proteinase inhibitor into the central vein.
XW04308	We are introducing the alpha1-proteinase inhibitor into the central vein.
XW04308	We will introduce the alpha1-proteinase inhibitor into the central vein.
XW0431B	We introduced the eladocagene exuparvovec into the central vein.
XW0431B	We are introducing the eladocagene exuparvovec into the central vein.
XW0431B	We will introduce the eladocagene exuparvovec into the central vein.
XW0433A	We introduced the maribavir anti-infective into the central vein.
XW0433A	We are introducing the maribavir anti-infective into the central vein.
XW0433A	We will introduce the maribavir anti-infective into the central vein.
XW0434A	We introduced the somatic stem cells into the central vein.
XW0434A	We are introducing the somatic stem cells into the central vein.
XW0434A	We will introduce the somatic stem cells into the central vein.
XW04357	We introduced the ceftobiprole medocaril anti-infective into the central vein.
XW04357	We are introducing the ceftobiprole medocaril anti-infective into the central vein.
XW04357	We will introduce the ceftobiprole medocaril anti-infective into the central vein.
XW04367	We introduced the afamitresgene autoleucel immunotherapy into the central vein.
XW04367	We are introducing the afamitresgene autoleucel immunotherapy into the central vein.
XW04367	We will introduce the afamitresgene autoleucel immunotherapy into the central vein.
XW04372	We introduced the tabelecleucel immunotherapy into the central vein.
XW04372	We are introducing the tabelecleucel immunotherapy into the central vein.
XW04372	We will introduce the tabelecleucel immunotherapy into the central vein.
XW04387	We introduced the mineral-based topical hemostatic agent into the central vein.
XW04387	We are introducing the mineral-based topical hemostatic agent into the central vein.
XW04387	We will introduce the mineral-based topical hemostatic agent into the central vein.
XW04396	We introduced the odronextamab antineoplastic into the central vein.
XW04396	We are introducing the odronextamab antineoplastic into the central vein.
XW04396	We will introduce the odronextamab antineoplastic into the central vein.
XW043A7	We introduced the ciltacabtagene autoleucel into the central vein.
XW043A7	We are introducing the ciltacabtagene autoleucel into the central vein.
XW043A7	We will introduce the ciltacabtagene autoleucel into the central vein.
XW043B3	We introduced the orca-t allogeneic t-cell immunotherapy into the central vein.
XW043B3	We are introducing the orca-t allogeneic t-cell immunotherapy into the central vein.
XW043B3	We will introduce the orca-t allogeneic t-cell immunotherapy into the central vein.
XW043C7	We introduced the zanidatamab antineoplastic into the central vein.
XW043C7	We are introducing the zanidatamab antineoplastic into the central vein.
XW043C7	We will introduce the zanidatamab antineoplastic into the central vein.
XW043E5	We introduced the remdesivir anti-infective into the central vein.
XW043E5	We are introducing the remdesivir anti-infective into the central vein.
XW043E5	We will introduce the remdesivir anti-infective into the central vein.
XW043F3	We introduced the other new technology therapeutic substance into the central vein.
XW043F3	We are introducing the other new technology therapeutic substance into the central vein.
XW043F3	We will introduce the other new technology therapeutic substance into the central vein.
XW043G5	We introduced the temporary irrigation spacer system vancomycin hydrochloride and tobramycin sulfate anti-infective into the central vein.
XW043G5	We are introducing the temporary irrigation spacer system vancomycin hydrochloride and tobramycin sulfate anti-infective into the central vein.
XW043G5	We will introduce the temporary irrigation spacer system vancomycin hydrochloride and tobramycin sulfate anti-infective into the central vein.
XW043H5	We introduced the one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the central vein.
XW043H5	We are introducing the one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the central vein.
XW043H5	We will introduce the one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the central vein.
XW043J7	We introduced two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the central vein.
XW043J7	We are introducing two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the central vein.
XW043J7	We will introduce two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the central vein.
XW043K7	We introduced three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the central vein.
XW043K7	We are introducing three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the central vein.
XW043K7	We will introduce three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the central vein.
XW043M7	We introduced the baricitinib into the central vein.
XW043M7	We are introducing the baricitinib into the central vein.
XW043M7	We will introduce the baricitinib into the central vein.
XW043N7	We introduced the ser-109 into the central vein.
XW043N7	We are introducing the ser-109 into the central vein.
XW043N7	We will introduce the ser-109 into the central vein.
XW043P9	We introduced the antibiotic-eluting bone void filler into the central vein.
XW043P9	We are introducing the antibiotic-eluting bone void filler into the central vein.
XW043P9	We will introduce the antibiotic-eluting bone void filler into the central vein.
XW043Q5	We introduced the iloprost into the central vein.
XW043Q5	We are introducing the iloprost into the central vein.
XW043Q5	We will introduce the iloprost into the central vein.
XW043R9	We introduced the fostamatinib into the central vein.
XW043R9	We are introducing the fostamatinib into the central vein.
XW043R9	We will introduce the fostamatinib into the central vein.
XW043S5	We introduced the iobenguane i-131 antineoplastic into the central vein.
XW043S5	We are introducing the iobenguane i-131 antineoplastic into the central vein.
XW043S5	We will introduce the iobenguane i-131 antineoplastic into the central vein.
XW043W5	We introduced the agn1 bone void filler into the central vein.
XW043W5	We are introducing the agn1 bone void filler into the central vein.
XW043W5	We will introduce the agn1 bone void filler into the central vein.
XW0534B	We introduced the somatic stem cells into the peripheral artery.
XW0534B	We are introducing the somatic stem cells into the peripheral artery.
XW0534B	We will introduce the somatic stem cells into the peripheral artery.
XW053T9	We introduced the melphalan hydrochloride antineoplastic into the peripheral artery.
XW053T9	We are introducing the melphalan hydrochloride antineoplastic into the peripheral artery.
XW053T9	We will introduce the melphalan hydrochloride antineoplastic into the peripheral artery.
XW0632B	We introduced the cpi-601 enzyme replacement therapy into the cerebral ventricle.
XW0632B	We are introducing the cpi-601 enzyme replacement therapy into the cerebral ventricle.
XW0632B	We will introduce the cpi-601 enzyme replacement therapy into the cerebral ventricle.
XW0DX38	We introduced the maribavir anti-infective into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DX38	We are introducing the maribavir anti-infective into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DX38	We will introduce the maribavir anti-infective into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DX82	We introduced the mineral-based topical hemostatic agent into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DX82	We are introducing the mineral-based topical hemostatic agent into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DX82	We will introduce the mineral-based topical hemostatic agent into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXF5	We introduced the other new technology therapeutic substance into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXF5	We are introducing the other new technology therapeutic substance into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXF5	We will introduce the other new technology therapeutic substance into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXJ9	We introduced two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXJ9	We are introducing two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXJ9	We will introduce two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXK8	We introduced three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXK8	We are introducing three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXK8	We will introduce three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXM6	We introduced the baricitinib into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXM6	We are introducing the baricitinib into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXM6	We will introduce the baricitinib into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXN9	We introduced the ser-109 into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXN9	We are introducing the ser-109 into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXN9	We will introduce the ser-109 into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXR7	We introduced the fostamatinib into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXR7	We are introducing the fostamatinib into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXR7	We will introduce the fostamatinib into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXVB	We introduced the xanomeline and trospium chloride into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXVB	We are introducing the xanomeline and trospium chloride into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0DXVB	We will introduce the xanomeline and trospium chloride into the mouth and pharynx.
XW0E33B	We introduced the maribavir anti-infective into the ear(s).
XW0E33B	We are introducing the maribavir anti-infective into the ear(s).
XW0E33B	We will introduce the maribavir anti-infective into the ear(s).
XW0G738	We introduced the maribavir anti-infective into the upper gi.
XW0G738	We are introducing the maribavir anti-infective into the upper gi.
XW0G738	We will introduce the maribavir anti-infective into the upper gi.
XW0G7K8	We introduced three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the upper gi.
XW0G7K8	We are introducing three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the upper gi.
XW0G7K8	We will introduce three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the upper gi.
XW0G7M6	We introduced the baricitinib into the upper gi.
XW0G7M6	We are introducing the baricitinib into the upper gi.
XW0G7M6	We will introduce the baricitinib into the upper gi.
XW0G7R7	We introduced the fostamatinib into the upper gi.
XW0G7R7	We are introducing the fostamatinib into the upper gi.
XW0G7R7	We will introduce the fostamatinib into the upper gi.
XW0G886	We introduced the mineral-based topical hemostatic agent into the upper gi.
XW0G886	We are introducing the mineral-based topical hemostatic agent into the upper gi.
XW0G886	We will introduce the mineral-based topical hemostatic agent into the upper gi.
XW0H738	We introduced the maribavir anti-infective into the lower gi.
XW0H738	We are introducing the maribavir anti-infective into the lower gi.
XW0H738	We will introduce the maribavir anti-infective into the lower gi.
XW0H7K8	We introduced three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the lower gi.
XW0H7K8	We are introducing three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the lower gi.
XW0H7K8	We will introduce three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the lower gi.
XW0H7M6	We introduced the baricitinib into the lower gi.
XW0H7M6	We are introducing the baricitinib into the lower gi.
XW0H7M6	We will introduce the baricitinib into the lower gi.
XW0H7R7	We introduced the fostamatinib into the lower gi.
XW0H7R7	We are introducing the fostamatinib into the lower gi.
XW0H7R7	We will introduce the fostamatinib into the lower gi.
XW0H7X8	We introduced the peptide enhanced bone void filler into the lower gi.
XW0H7X8	We are introducing the peptide enhanced bone void filler into the lower gi.
XW0H7X8	We will introduce the peptide enhanced bone void filler into the lower gi.
XW0H886	We introduced the mineral-based topical hemostatic agent into the lower gi.
XW0H886	We are introducing the mineral-based topical hemostatic agent into the lower gi.
XW0H886	We will introduce the mineral-based topical hemostatic agent into the lower gi.
XW0J3HA	We introduced the one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the single coronary artery.
XW0J3HA	We are introducing the one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the single coronary artery.
XW0J3HA	We will introduce the one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the single coronary artery.
XW0J3JA	We introduced two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the single coronary artery.
XW0J3JA	We are introducing two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the single coronary artery.
XW0J3JA	We will introduce two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the single coronary artery.
XW0J3KA	We introduced three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the single coronary artery.
XW0J3KA	We are introducing three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the single coronary artery.
XW0J3KA	We will introduce three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into the single coronary artery.
XW0K3HA	We introduced the one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into two coronary arteries.
XW0K3HA	We are introducing the one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into two coronary arteries.
XW0K3HA	We will introduce the one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into two coronary arteries.
XW0K3JA	We introduced two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into two coronary arteries.
XW0K3JA	We are introducing two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into two coronary arteries.
XW0K3JA	We will introduce two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into two coronary arteries.
XW0K3KA	We introduced three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into two coronary arteries.
XW0K3KA	We are introducing three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into two coronary arteries.
XW0K3KA	We will introduce three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into two coronary arteries.
XW0M3HA	We introduced the one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into four or more coronary arteries.
XW0M3HA	We are introducing the one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into four or more coronary arteries.
XW0M3HA	We will introduce the one balloon paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into four or more coronary arteries.
XW0M3JA	We introduced two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into four or more coronary arteries.
XW0M3JA	We are introducing two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into four or more coronary arteries.
XW0M3JA	We will introduce two balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into four or more coronary arteries.
XW0M3KA	We introduced three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into four or more coronary arteries.
XW0M3KA	We are introducing three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into four or more coronary arteries.
XW0M3KA	We will introduce three balloons paclitaxel-coated balloon technology into four or more coronary arteries.
XW0Q316	We introduced the eladocagene exuparvovec into the cranial cavity and brain.
XW0Q316	We are introducing the eladocagene exuparvovec into the cranial cavity and brain.
XW0Q316	We will introduce the eladocagene exuparvovec into the cranial cavity and brain.
XW0U0GA	We introduced the temporary irrigation spacer system vancomycin hydrochloride and tobramycin sulfate anti-infective into the joints.
XW0U0GA	We are introducing the temporary irrigation spacer system vancomycin hydrochloride and tobramycin sulfate anti-infective into the joints.
XW0U0GA	We will introduce the temporary irrigation spacer system vancomycin hydrochloride and tobramycin sulfate anti-infective into the joints.
XW0U0XB	We introduced the peptide enhanced bone void filler into the joints.
XW0U0XB	We are introducing the peptide enhanced bone void filler into the joints.
XW0U0XB	We will introduce the peptide enhanced bone void filler into the joints.
XW0V0P7	We introduced the antibiotic-eluting bone void filler into the bones.
XW0V0P7	We are introducing the antibiotic-eluting bone void filler into the bones.
XW0V0P7	We will introduce the antibiotic-eluting bone void filler into the bones.
XW0V3WA	We introduced the agn1 bone void filler into the bones.
XW0V3WA	We are introducing the agn1 bone void filler into the bones.
XW0V3WA	We will introduce the agn1 bone void filler into the bones.
XW13325	We transfused the convalescent (nonautologous) plasma into the peripheral vein.
XW13325	We are transfusing the convalescent (nonautologous) plasma into the peripheral vein.
XW13325	We will transfuse the convalescent (nonautologous) plasma into the peripheral vein.
XW1337A	We transfused the marnetegragene autotemcel into the peripheral vein.
XW1337A	We are transfusing the marnetegragene autotemcel into the peripheral vein.
XW1337A	We will transfuse the marnetegragene autotemcel into the peripheral vein.
XW133B8	We transfused the betibeglogene autotemcel into the peripheral vein.
XW133B8	We are transfusing the betibeglogene autotemcel into the peripheral vein.
XW133B8	We will transfuse the betibeglogene autotemcel into the peripheral vein.
XW133C8	We transfused the omidubicel into the peripheral vein.
XW133C8	We are transfusing the omidubicel into the peripheral vein.
XW133C8	We will transfuse the omidubicel into the peripheral vein.
XW133D7	We transfused the high-dose intravenous immune globulin into the peripheral vein.
XW133D7	We are transfusing the high-dose intravenous immune globulin into the peripheral vein.
XW133D7	We will transfuse the high-dose intravenous immune globulin into the peripheral vein.
XW133E7	We transfused the hyperimmune globulin into the peripheral vein.
XW133E7	We are transfusing the hyperimmune globulin into the peripheral vein.
XW133E7	We will transfuse the hyperimmune globulin into the peripheral vein.
XW133F8	We transfused the otl-103 into the peripheral vein.
XW133F8	We are transfusing the otl-103 into the peripheral vein.
XW133F8	We will transfuse the otl-103 into the peripheral vein.
XW133G8	We transfused the atidarsagene autotemcel into the peripheral vein.
XW133G8	We are transfusing the atidarsagene autotemcel into the peripheral vein.
XW133G8	We will transfuse the atidarsagene autotemcel into the peripheral vein.
XW133H9	We transfused the lovotibeglogene autotemcel into the peripheral vein.
XW133H9	We are transfusing the lovotibeglogene autotemcel into the peripheral vein.
XW133H9	We will transfuse the lovotibeglogene autotemcel into the peripheral vein.
XW133J8	We transfused the exagamglogene autotemcel into the peripheral vein.
XW133J8	We are transfusing the exagamglogene autotemcel into the peripheral vein.
XW133J8	We will transfuse the exagamglogene autotemcel into the peripheral vein.
XW133SB	We transfused the mozafancogene autotemcel into the peripheral vein.
XW133SB	We are transfusing the mozafancogene autotemcel into the peripheral vein.
XW133SB	We will transfuse the mozafancogene autotemcel into the peripheral vein.
XW133YB	We transfused the shelf-stable nonautologous (human) fibrinogen concentrate into the peripheral vein.
XW133YB	We are transfusing the shelf-stable nonautologous (human) fibrinogen concentrate into the peripheral vein.
XW133YB	We will transfuse the shelf-stable nonautologous (human) fibrinogen concentrate into the peripheral vein.
XW14325	We transfused the convalescent (nonautologous) plasma into the central vein.
XW14325	We are transfusing the convalescent (nonautologous) plasma into the central vein.
XW14325	We will transfuse the convalescent (nonautologous) plasma into the central vein.
XW1437A	We transfused the marnetegragene autotemcel into the central vein.
XW1437A	We are transfusing the marnetegragene autotemcel into the central vein.
XW1437A	We will transfuse the marnetegragene autotemcel into the central vein.
XW143B8	We transfused the betibeglogene autotemcel into the central vein.
XW143B8	We are transfusing the betibeglogene autotemcel into the central vein.
XW143B8	We will transfuse the betibeglogene autotemcel into the central vein.
XW143C8	We transfused the omidubicel into the central vein.
XW143C8	We are transfusing the omidubicel into the central vein.
XW143C8	We will transfuse the omidubicel into the central vein.
XW143D7	We transfused the high-dose intravenous immune globulin into the central vein.
XW143D7	We are transfusing the high-dose intravenous immune globulin into the central vein.
XW143D7	We will transfuse the high-dose intravenous immune globulin into the central vein.
XW143E7	We transfused the hyperimmune globulin into the central vein.
XW143E7	We are transfusing the hyperimmune globulin into the central vein.
XW143E7	We will transfuse the hyperimmune globulin into the central vein.
XW143F8	We transfused the otl-103 into the central vein.
XW143F8	We are transfusing the otl-103 into the central vein.
XW143F8	We will transfuse the otl-103 into the central vein.
XW143G8	We transfused the atidarsagene autotemcel into the central vein.
XW143G8	We are transfusing the atidarsagene autotemcel into the central vein.
XW143G8	We will transfuse the atidarsagene autotemcel into the central vein.
XW143H9	We transfused the lovotibeglogene autotemcel into the central vein.
XW143H9	We are transfusing the lovotibeglogene autotemcel into the central vein.
XW143H9	We will transfuse the lovotibeglogene autotemcel into the central vein.
XW143J8	We transfused the exagamglogene autotemcel into the central vein.
XW143J8	We are transfusing the exagamglogene autotemcel into the central vein.
XW143J8	We will transfuse the exagamglogene autotemcel into the central vein.
XW143SB	We transfused the mozafancogene autotemcel into the central vein.
XW143SB	We are transfusing the mozafancogene autotemcel into the central vein.
XW143SB	We will transfuse the mozafancogene autotemcel into the central vein.
XW143YB	We transfused the shelf-stable nonautologous (human) fibrinogen concentrate into the central vein.
XW143YB	We are transfusing the shelf-stable nonautologous (human) fibrinogen concentrate into the central vein.
XW143YB	We will transfuse the shelf-stable nonautologous (human) fibrinogen concentrate into the central vein.
XWHD7Q7	We inserted the neurostimulator lead into the mouth and pharynx.
XWHD7Q7	We are inserting the neurostimulator lead into the mouth and pharynx.
XWHD7Q7	We will insert the neurostimulator lead into the mouth and pharynx.
XX2	We monitored the physiological systems.
XX2	We are monitoring the physiological systems.
XX2	We will monitor the physiological systems.
XX20X89	We monitored the central nervous system with computer-aided detection and notification brain electrical activity.
XX20X89	We are monitoring the central nervous system with computer-aided detection and notification brain electrical activity.
XX20X89	We will monitor the central nervous system with computer-aided detection and notification brain electrical activity.
XX25X0A	We monitored the circulatory system with adhesive ultrasound patch technology blood flow.
XX25X0A	We are monitoring the circulatory system with adhesive ultrasound patch technology blood flow.
XX25X0A	We will monitor the circulatory system with adhesive ultrasound patch technology blood flow.
XX2KXDB	We monitored the subcutaneous tissue with a wearable sensor interstitial glucose.
XX2KXDB	We are monitoring the subcutaneous tissue with a wearable sensor interstitial glucose.
XX2KXDB	We will monitor the subcutaneous tissue with a wearable sensor interstitial glucose.
XX2KXP9	We monitored the subcutaneous tissue with sub-epidermal moisture using electrical biocapacitance interstitial fluid volume.
XX2KXP9	We are monitoring the subcutaneous tissue with sub-epidermal moisture using electrical biocapacitance interstitial fluid volume.
XX2KXP9	We will monitor the subcutaneous tissue with sub-epidermal moisture using electrical biocapacitance interstitial fluid volume.
XXA	We assisted the physiological systems.
XXA	We are assisting the physiological systems.
XXA	We will assist the physiological systems.
XXA536A	We assisted the circulatory system with blood pathogens filtration.
XXA536A	We are assisting the circulatory system with blood pathogens filtration.
XXA536A	We will assist the circulatory system with blood pathogens filtration.
XXA539B	We assisted the circulatory system with ticagrelor filtration.
XXA539B	We are assisting the circulatory system with ticagrelor filtration.
XXA539B	We will assist the circulatory system with ticagrelor filtration.
XXE	We measured the physiological systems.
XXE	We are measuring the physiological systems.
XXE	We will measure the physiological systems.
XXE0X07	We measured the central nervous system with computer-aided assessment intracranial vascular activity.
XXE0X07	We are measuring the central nervous system with computer-aided assessment intracranial vascular activity.
XXE0X07	We will measure the central nervous system with computer-aided assessment intracranial vascular activity.
XXE0X1A	We measured the central nervous system with computer-aided assessment output.
XXE0X1A	We are measuring the central nervous system with computer-aided assessment output.
XXE0X1A	We will measure the central nervous system with computer-aided assessment output.
XXE0X48	We measured the central nervous system with a positive blood culture small molecule sensor array technology infection.
XXE0X48	We are measuring the central nervous system with a positive blood culture small molecule sensor array technology infection.
XXE0X48	We will measure the central nervous system with a positive blood culture small molecule sensor array technology infection.
XXE2X19	We measured the cardiac system with computer-aided assessment output.
XXE2X19	We are measuring the cardiac system with computer-aided assessment output.
XXE2X19	We will measure the cardiac system with computer-aided assessment output.
XXE3X27	We measured the arterial system with a phenotypic fully automated rapid susceptibility technology with controlled inoculum infection.
XXE3X27	We are measuring the arterial system with a phenotypic fully automated rapid susceptibility technology with controlled inoculum infection.
XXE3X27	We will measure the arterial system with a phenotypic fully automated rapid susceptibility technology with controlled inoculum infection.
XXE3X58	We measured the arterial system with a whole blood cellular assessment via microfluidic deformability immune response.
XXE3X58	We are measuring the arterial system with a whole blood cellular assessment via microfluidic deformability immune response.
XXE3X58	We will measure the arterial system with a whole blood cellular assessment via microfluidic deformability immune response.
XXE3X68	We measured the arterial system with computer-aided valve modeling and notification coronary artery flow.
XXE3X68	We are measuring the arterial system with computer-aided valve modeling and notification coronary artery flow.
XXE3X68	We will measure the arterial system with computer-aided valve modeling and notification coronary artery flow.
XXE5X2A	We measured the circulatory system with a phenotypic fully automated rapid susceptibility technology with controlled inoculum infection.
XXE5X2A	We are measuring the circulatory system with a phenotypic fully automated rapid susceptibility technology with controlled inoculum infection.
XXE5X2A	We will measure the circulatory system with a phenotypic fully automated rapid susceptibility technology with controlled inoculum infection.
XXE5X38	We measured the circulatory system with a whole blood reverse transcription and quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction infection.
XXE5X38	We are measuring the circulatory system with a whole blood reverse transcription and quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction infection.
XXE5X38	We will measure the circulatory system with a whole blood reverse transcription and quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction infection.
XXE5X4A	We measured the circulatory system with a positive blood culture small molecule sensor array technology infection.
XXE5X4A	We are measuring the circulatory system with a positive blood culture small molecule sensor array technology infection.
XXE5X4A	We will measure the circulatory system with a positive blood culture small molecule sensor array technology infection.
XXE5X5A	We measured the circulatory system with a whole blood cellular assessment via microfluidic deformability immune response.
XXE5X5A	We are measuring the circulatory system with a whole blood cellular assessment via microfluidic deformability immune response.
XXE5X5A	We will measure the circulatory system with a whole blood cellular assessment via microfluidic deformability immune response.
XXE5XBB	We measured the circulatory system with a gene expression testing system infection and immune response.
XXE5XBB	We are measuring the circulatory system with a gene expression testing system infection and immune response.
XXE5XBB	We will measure the circulatory system with a gene expression testing system infection and immune response.
XXE5XR7	We measured the circulatory system with a mechanical initial specimen diversion technique using active negative pressure infection.
XXE5XR7	We are measuring the circulatory system with a mechanical initial specimen diversion technique using active negative pressure infection.
XXE5XR7	We will measure the circulatory system with a mechanical initial specimen diversion technique using active negative pressure infection.
XXE5XT7	We measured the circulatory system with whole blood mrna intracranial arterial flow.
XXE5XT7	We are measuring the circulatory system with whole blood mrna intracranial arterial flow.
XXE5XT7	We will measure the circulatory system with whole blood mrna intracranial arterial flow.
XXE5XV7	We measured the circulatory system with a serum/plasma nanoparticle fluorescence sars-cov-2 antibody detection infection.
XXE5XV7	We are measuring the circulatory system with a serum/plasma nanoparticle fluorescence sars-cov-2 antibody detection infection.
XXE5XV7	We will measure the circulatory system with a serum/plasma nanoparticle fluorescence sars-cov-2 antibody detection infection.
XXE5XY9	We measured the circulatory system with another positive blood/isolated colonies bimodal phenotypic susceptibility technology infection.
XXE5XY9	We are measuring the circulatory system with another positive blood/isolated colonies bimodal phenotypic susceptibility technology infection.
XXE5XY9	We will measure the circulatory system with another positive blood/isolated colonies bimodal phenotypic susceptibility technology infection.
XXE97U7	We measured the nose with a nasopharyngeal fluid sars-cov-2 polymerase chain reaction infection.
XXE97U7	We are measuring the nose with a nasopharyngeal fluid sars-cov-2 polymerase chain reaction infection.
XXE97U7	We will measure the nose with a nasopharyngeal fluid sars-cov-2 polymerase chain reaction infection.
XY0VX83	We introduced the endothelial damage inhibitor into the vein graft.
XY0VX83	We are introducing the endothelial damage inhibitor into the vein graft.
XY0VX83	We will introduce the endothelial damage inhibitor into the vein graft.
XY0YX28	We introduced the taurolidine anti-infective and heparin anticoagulant into the extracorporeal circuit.
XY0YX28	We are introducing the taurolidine anti-infective and heparin anticoagulant into the extracorporeal circuit.
XY0YX28	We will introduce the taurolidine anti-infective and heparin anticoagulant into the extracorporeal circuit.
XY0YX37	We introduced the nafamostat anticoagulant into the extracorporeal circuit.
XY0YX37	We are introducing the nafamostat anticoagulant into the extracorporeal circuit.
XY0YX37	We will introduce the nafamostat anticoagulant into the extracorporeal circuit.